
####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/ #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles One system for everyone to love. eBay Evo is our brand and design system, created so we show up consistently all around the world with the flexibility to strengthen local market relevance. Read press release Inspired by how people discover. Powered by passion. Video description: A 30-second promotional video showcasing the making of marketing and product photography. It shows smiling people enjoying fashion, sports items and collectibles in real life moments or in studio environments with a text overlay that reads "Things.People.Love." Designed to evolve. eBay Evo expands our brand and design system to create bold new expressions. Custom illustration, iconography library, proprietary typeface, fully accessible color palette, and story-driven photography help us build a world that feels real, smart, spirited, and dependable. eBay Evo modernizes our interface to reflect a contemporary aesthetic and user experience. Fully developed in-house, Evo has grown over the past five years into what you see and experience today. Video description: A 5-second animation of the corner radius of a user interface element being adjusted from 0-16px. AAA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AAA AAA AAA AAA AAA AA AAA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AAA AAA AAA AAA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA AA Real . Smart . Spirited . Dependable . Real . Smart . Spirited . Dependable . Video description: A 6-second looped animation of two people driving a yellow car with a roof storage box. One person is driving, and the other is enjoying the ride with their hand outside the window. Designed to scale the world. A Playbook with tools and rules designed to scale globally and flex locally. Logo Color Typography Photography Iconography Illustration Composition Motion Interaction Generative AI Accessibility Object styles Voice and tone Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 60-second promotional video for eBay's new EVO design system. It shows animated elements of the EVO design system such as typography, icons, colors and user interface elements. There are scenes of a photo studio shoot with groups of smiling people and text overslays that read "a new unified system", "Things.People.Love.", "Inspired by how people discover.", and "Powered by their passions." 00:00 Play video

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/ #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/PRIVACY-POLICY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles eBay Playbook Privacy & Cookie Notice Effective: November 18, 2024. eBay Playbook Privacy & Cookie Notice eBay Personnel: To learn more about personal data collected and processed when you access or use this site through your corporate account (via single sign on (SSO), please see the eBay Personnel Privacy Policy on the eBay Hub. In this eBay Playbook Privacy & Cookie Notice (“ Notice ”) we have compiled all essential information about our handling of your personal data and your corresponding rights for you. 1. Scope of this Privacy & Cookie Notice This Notice applies to your use of this website ( playbook.ebay.com ) and any of its local versions and all of its features (collectively the “ Site ”) provided by eBay Inc. or its affiliates (eBay Inc. and the companies it directly or indirectly controls are referred to as “ eBay Affiliates ”). This User Privacy Notice applies regardless of how you access or use the Site, including access via mobile devices. This Privacy & Cookie Notice also applies if explicit reference is made to it via a link or in a similar manner. We may change this Privacy & Cookie Notice at any time by posting the revised Privacy & Cookie Notice on this website and indicating the effective date of the revised Privacy & Cookie Notice. 2. Controller Depending on the region in which you reside, one of the following eBay Affiliates is responsible for the collection and processing of your personal data in connection with the provision of our Site. Your region of residence is determined based on your account registration address (as a registered user) or your location (when not registered): USA: eBay, Inc., 2065 Hamilton Ave, San Jose, CA, 95125, USA EU: eBay GmbH, Albert-Einstein-Ring 2-6, 14532 Kleinmachnow, Germany United Kingdom: eBay (UK) Limited, 1 More London Place, London, SE1 2AF, United Kingdom For all other countries: eBay Marketplaces GmbH, Helvetiastraße 15/17, 3005 Bern, Switzerland 3. Data protection officer and contact We have appointed data protection officers in several countries to oversee the protection of your personal data. If you have any questions about this Privacy & Cookie Notice or would like to learn more about data protection at eBay in general, please visit the eBay Privacy Center. Furthermore, if you have any questions or complaints regarding this Privacy & Cookie Notice, our global data protection principles (see section 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Affiliates under section 6. International data transfers below) or our handling of personal data, you can also contact the eBay Privacy Team or the controller who is responsible for the processing of your personal data at any time (for further information, see Controller above). This applies regardless of whether we have appointed a data protection officer in your country or not. 4. What personal data we collect and process We collect your personal data when you use our Site, create or access your partner account, provide us with information via a web form, or when you otherwise interact with the Site or correspond with us. In total, we collect the following personal data: 4.1 Personal data you provide when using our Site or its features: Data that identifies you, such as your name, and email address for authenticated users. Other information that you may provide as part of your use of the Site Other data that we are required or entitled by applicable law to collect and process and that we need for your authentication or identification, or for the verification of the data we collect. 4.2 Personal data we collect automatically when you use our Site: Online activity data regarding your interactions with our Site, and your communications with us. Geolocation data, including your approximate (coarse) location data derived from your IP address. Please note that for most mobile devices, you can manage or disable the use of location services by all applications in the settings menu of your mobile device. Device data and connection information such as, statistics regarding your use of our Sites, information on data traffic to and from websites, referral URL, your IP address, your access times,  your language settings and your weblog information. 4.3 Personal data we collect in connection with the use of cookies and similar technologies We use cookies and similar technologies to collect data while you use our Site We collect this data from the devices (including mobile devices) with which you use our Site. The data collected includes the following usage- and device-related information: Device data including device type, manufacturer and model, operating system and version, browser type and settings, IP address, device ID or unique identifier such as advertising ID, individual device token, and cookie-related data (e.g. cookie ID). Geolocation data including your approximate (coarse) location data derived from your IP address. Please note that most mobile devices allow you to manage or disable the use of location services for all applications in the settings menu. For more information about our use of these technologies and your choices, see Cookies & similar technologies . 5. Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients We process your personal data for various purposes and based on several different legal bases that allow this processing. For example, we process your personal data to provide and improve our Sites, to provide you with a personalized user experience on this website, and to communicate with you. We also share your information with third parties, including service providers acting on our behalf, for these purposes. In addition, we may share your personal data among eBay Affiliates companies for operational purposes and to provide our Site. Below you will find a summary of the purposes for which we process your personal data, including the categories of recipients to whom we transmit personal data for the purposes stated, sorted by our legal basis for this processing or sharing: 5.1 We process your personal data in order to fulfill our contract with you and to provide you with our Site. This includes the following purposes: Provision of our Site and ensuring its functionalities. Responding to requests and communications from you. For these purposes, we may contact you via email. Enforcement of our Terms of Use, this Privacy & Cookie Notice and other rules and policies. Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above: eBay Affiliates External service providers 5.2 We process your personal data in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. This includes the following purposes: Participation in investigations and proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by public authorities or government agencies, in particular, for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts. Prevention, detection and mitigation (including compliance with reporting requirements) of illegal activities (e.g. fraud). Complying with information requests from third parties based on any statutory information rights they have against us. Ensuring the information security of our Site. Retention and storage of your personal data to comply with specific legal retention requirements (for more information on eBay's storage of your data, see section 7. Storage duration and erasure ). Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above: Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies Third parties based on statutory information claims against us Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings, in particular, if they submit a legal order, court order or equivalent legal order to us. eBay Affiliates Third party service providers 5.4 We process your personal data where necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In order to reconcile our legitimate interests with your rights, we have introduced appropriate control mechanisms. On this basis, we process your data for the following purposes: Participation in investigations and proceedings (including judicial proceedings) conducted by courts, law enforcement agencies, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies, in particular for the purpose of detecting, investigating and prosecuting illegal acts, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect, and we may legitimately assume that the disclosure of the data is necessary to avert imminent disadvantages or to report a suspicion of an illegal act. In such cases, we will only disclose what we believe is necessary, and to the extent permitted by applicable laws, such as your name, city, zip code, telephone number, email address, IP address, fraud complaints. Protection of the legitimate interests of third parties in connection with civil law disputes, including the investigation of such disputes, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect, if we may legitimately assume that it is necessary to disclose the data to such third parties in order to avert imminent disadvantages.  In such cases, we will only disclose what we believe is necessary, and to the extent permitted by applicable laws, such as name, address, city, zip code, country, telephone number, email address and company name to the third party and bind the third party by a worldwide non-disclosure agreement to treat the data as confidential. Prevention, detection, mitigation and investigation of fraud, security breaches and other prohibited or unlawful activities, including the assessment of corresponding risks, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect. Verifying that reports submitted to eBay (incl. unnamed reports) are not fraudulent or malicious. Monitoring and improvement of the information security of our Site, unless there is a statutory obligation to this effect. Measuring and improvement of the functionalities of our Site Provision of our Site and ensuring its functionalities Analysis and improvement of the Site, e.g. by reviewing site usage data or information from users about blocked or crashed pages in order to identify and solve problems and to provide you with an improved user experience. Provision of shared content with eBay Affiliates. Initiation, preparation and execution of a company acquisition, e.g. in the event of a merger with another company or takeover by another company. If such an event occurs, we will require the merged entity to comply with this Privacy & Cookie Notice with respect to your personal data. Should your personal data be processed for any purpose not specified in this Privacy & Cookie Notice, you will be informed in advance of the processing of your data for this new purpose. Assertion of or defense against legal claims, including those asserted by one user against another. To comply with an impending legal obligation. Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above: eBay Affiliates External service providers Other users Law enforcement agencies, courts, government agencies or public authorities, intergovernmental or supranational bodies Third parties who are involved in judicial proceedings Other companies in the context of a company acquisition 5.5 With your consent, we process your personal data for the following purposes: Communications by telephone or via electronic mail (such as email or text messages). You can find information about your right to withdraw your consent below under section 8. Rights as a data subject . Where necessary, we transmit your personal data to processors and the following recipients for one or several of the purposes described above: External service providers eBay Affiliates Other third parties with whom we partner to offer you specific functionalities of our Site (as described at the collection of the respective user consent) 5.6 Data Sharing between eBay Affiliates: We will grant access to personal data about you to other eBay Affiliates for the aforementioned purposes. To the extent that other eBay Affiliates have access to your personal data, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy & Cookie Notice. 6. Cross-border data transfers Some recipients of your personal data are located outside your jurisdiction or have offices in jurisdictions where data protection laws may provide a different level of protection than the laws in your jurisdiction. When transferring personal data to such recipients, we provide appropriate safeguards. 6.1 Data transfers to eBay Affiliates The transmission of personal data between different eBay Affiliates (e.g. to enable cross border transactions and for other legally permitted purposes) is based on our worldwide data protection principles, which are binding internal data protection regulations (Binding Corporate Rules, BCRs), or on the basis of other appropriate safeguards (e.g. standard data protection clauses issued or approved by the European Commission (2021/914/EU). Through our Binding Corporate Rules, the eBay Affiliates undertake to protect your personal data and to comply with data protection obligations. Further information on our binding company-wide guidelines and our worldwide data protection principles can be found in the eBay Privacy Center . 6.2 Other data transfers (from the European Economic Area to third countries) We may transfer your personal data to recipients (see section 5. Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients ) who may be located anywhere in the world. We will only transfer your personal data from the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom or Switzerland to third countries, i.e. countries outside the EEA, on the basis of appropriate safeguards. Third countries providing an adequate level of data protection according to the European Commission currently include Andorra, Argentina, Canada (for companies covered by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act), Switzerland, the Faroe Islands, Guernsey, the State of Israel, the Isle of Man, Japan, Jersey, New Zealand, South Korea, the United Kingdom, the United States (Data Privacy Framework) and Uruguay. In other cases, eBay provides the necessary safeguards, e.g. through the conclusion of data protection contracts adopted by the European Commission (e.g. standard data protection clauses (2021/914/EU) with the recipients, or through other measures provided for by law. A copy of the documentation of the measures taken by us is available on request. We regularly re-evaluate the measures taken to assess requirements deriving from new regulatory guidance and case law 7. Storage duration and erasure Subject to possible restrictions under national law, as a data subject, you have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and data portability with regard to your personal data. In addition, you can withdraw your consent and object to our processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests. You can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Your personal data will be stored by us and our service providers in accordance with applicable data protection laws to the extent necessary for the processing purposes set out in this Privacy & Cookie Notice (see section 5. Purposes and legal basis for data processing and categories of recipients for more information on the processing purposes). Subsequently, we will delete your personal data in accordance with our data retention and deletion policy or take steps to properly render the data anonymous, unless we are legally obliged to keep your personal data longer (e.g. for legal compliance, tax, accounting or auditing purposes). In Europe, the retention periods are generally between 6 and 10 years (e.g. for contracts, notifications and business letters). As far as legally permissible or required, we restrict the processing of your data instead of deleting it (e.g. by restricting access to it). This applies in particular to cases where we may still need the data for the execution of the contract or for the assertion of or defense against legal claims, or where such retention is otherwise required or permitted by law. In these cases, the duration of the restriction of processing depends on the respective statutory limitation or retention periods. The data will be deleted after the relevant limitation or retention periods have expired. The specific retention periods for personal data are documented in our regional data retention guidelines. How long we retain personal data may vary depending on the Site we provide and on our legal obligations under applicable national law. The following factors typically affect the retention period: Necessity for the provision of our Site This includes such things as maintaining and improving the performance of our Site, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. Most of our retention periods are determined on the basis of this general rule. Special categories of personal data If we store special categories of personal data (i.e., personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic or biometric data which is being processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation) , a shorter retention period is usually appropriate. Consent-based processing of personal data If we process personal data on the basis of consent (including consent to the extended storage), we store the data for as long as necessary in order to process it according to your consent. Statutory, contractual or other similar obligations Corresponding storage obligations may arise, for example, from laws or official orders. It may also be necessary to store personal data with regard to pending or future legal disputes. Personal data contained in contracts, notifications and business letters may be subject to statutory storage obligations depending on national law. 8. Rights as a data subject Subject to possible restrictions under national law, as a data subject, you have the right to access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing and data portability with regard to your personal data. In addition, you can withdraw your consent and object to our processing of your personal data on the basis of our legitimate interests. You can also lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Your rights in detail: You can withdraw your consent to the processing of your personal data by us at any time. As a result, we may no longer process your personal data based on this consent in the future. The withdrawal of consent has no effect on the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. You have the right to obtain access to your personal data that is being processed by us. In particular, you may request information on the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, the categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, the existence of the right to request rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data or to object to such processing, the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, any available information as to the personal data’s source (where they are not collected from you), the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and, where appropriate, meaningful information on its details. Your right to access may be limited by national law. You have the right to obtain from us without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you, unless processing is necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. The right to erasure may be limited by national law. You have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing to the extent that the accuracy of the data is disputed by you, the processing is unlawful, but you oppose the erasure of the personal data, we no longer need the data, but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or you have objected to the processing. You have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller (" right to data portability "). You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority . As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence, your place of work or the registered office of the controller . If your personal data is processed on the basis of our legitimate interests, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on grounds relating to your particular situation. This also applies to profiling. If your personal data is processed by us for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. Exercising your rights and managing your settings You can exercise your rights as a data subject by contacting your eBay partner. The exercise of the above data subjects' rights (e.g. right to access or erasure) is generally free of charge. Where requests are manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of their repetitive character, we may charge an appropriate fee (at most our actual costs) in accordance with the applicable statutory regulations or refuse to process the application. If you do not wish to receive communications from us, you can also unsubscribe by clicking on the link in the email you received. For technical reasons, the implementation may take a few days. For information on how to manage your cookie and similar technology preferences, see the next section Cookies & similar technologies . 9. Cookies and similar technologies When you use our Site, we and authorized third parties may use cookies and similar technologies (which we will refer to collectively as “cookies”) to provide you with a better, faster and safer user experience. Cookies are small text files that are automatically created by your browser and stored on your device when you use the Site. You can find detailed information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and your choices in our Cookie Notice . Our cookies and similar technologies have different functions: They may be technically necessary for the operation of our Site They help us to optimize our Site technically (e.g. monitoring of error messages and loading times) They help us to improve your user experience (e.g. by saving the font size and data entered into web forms). We use cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device only as long as your browser is active (session cookies), as well as cookies and similar technologies that remain on your device longer (persistent cookies). We take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar technologies. Your choices regarding cookies and similar technologies You are free to disable the use of cookies and similar technologies if this is supported by your device. You can manage your cookie settings in your browser or device settings. 10. Data security We protect your personal data through technical and organizational security measures to minimize the risks associated with data loss, misuse, unauthorized access and unauthorized disclosure and alteration. To this end we use firewalls and data encryption, for example, as well as physical access restrictions for our data centers and authorization controls for data access. You can find further information on our data security in our Security Center . 11. Other important information regarding data protection This section contains important additional information about the protection of personal data in connection with the use of our Site, including whether you are required to provide personal data. Personal data relating to third parties If you provide us with personal data relating to another person, you must obtain the consent of this person or the disclosure of the data to us must be otherwise legally permissible. You must inform the other person of how we process personal data in accordance with our User Privacy Notice. Are you obliged to provide your personal data to us? Some of the personal data that you provide to us (e.g. data by which we can identify you) are required to join our Small Business Ambassador Network or to receive communications from us. As described elsewhere in our Privacy & Cookie Notice, we may share this data with other eBay Affiliates group companies and with service providers, including for the dispatch of communications to you. Children’s privacy Our Site is not intended for the use by children. We do not knowingly collect personal data from users who are considered children under applicable national laws. 12. California Privacy Notice For additional regional disclosures for residents of certain U.S. states, including California, please review our State Privacy Disclosures page. This California Privacy Notice supplements this eBay Playbook Privacy & Cookie Notice and provides additional information to California consumers required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA) (collectively, “California Privacy Laws”). We reserve the right to change this California Privacy Notice from time to time. Changes shall become effective on the date they are posted. If you are a California resident, this California Privacy Notice applies to you subject to the following exceptions: this Notice does not apply to the personal information we collect from employees, alternative workforce, job applicants, owners, directors, or officers of eBay that are California residents. If you are an employee, former employee or alternative workforce at eBay, please review or contact us for our Personnel Privacy Notice, and if you are applying for a job at eBay, please see our Talent Privacy Policy . If there is a difference between the User Privacy Notice and this California Privacy Notice, the California Privacy Notice will control. 12.1 Categories of Personal Data Identifiers, including: Information that identifies you, such as your name, email address, for authenticated users Other information that you may provide as part of your use of the Site Other data that we are required or entitled by applicable law to collect and process and that we need for your authentication or identification, or for the verification of the data we collect. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including: Computer and connection information, such as your IP address Model or device type, operating system and version, browser type and settings, device ID or individual device identifier, advertisement ID, individual device token, and cookie-related data (e.g. cookie ID). Geolocation information, including: Your general location data (e.g., IP address). Please note that we may not collect each of these categories about every consumer. 12.2 Categories of sources of personal information that we may collect We receive personal information from a variety of sources, including directly from you, your devices, and from our third-party partners. The categories of sources from which personal information is collected includes: You eBay Affiliates (if you are an eBay user) Service providers Operating systems and platforms Vendors and suppliers 12.3 Categories of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose To understand the purposes for which we collect personal information, please review section 4 of our User Privacy Notice. The following table lists the categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of recipients who have received this personal information. Please note that not every one of the following categories may apply to your personal information. Category of Personal Information Disclosed for a Business Purpose Internet or other electronic network activity information Geolocation information Categories of Recipients eBay Affiliates Service providers Vendors and suppliers 12.4 Categories of Personal Information “Shared” and “Sold” We do not sell or share any personal information collected on the Site . 12.5 Children We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of consumers under the age of 16. 12.6 Privacy Rights The California Privacy Laws provide various rights to California residents. These include rights to access, deletion, correction, portability, opt-out, and non-discrimination. This section provides more information about each right and how California consumers can exercise these rights. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify your personal information that we collect, process, store, disclose and otherwise use, and to respond to your requests. We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee, or decline to act upon a request, if it is excessive or overly burdensome. If we deny your request, we will explain the reasons in our response. For the Site to fulfill your request, you must provide sufficient information for us to reasonably verify that you are the consumer from whom we collected the personal information. The information you send for us to verify your identity will be used for this purpose only. If we are unable to verify your identity or if we suspect fraudulent activity, we may decline to comply with your request. Subject to exceptions, you may have the following rights: Right to Access (also called a “Request to Know”). You may have the right to request that we disclose the personal information that we collect, use, disclose, and sell. This includes the right to request the categories of personal information we have collected about them, the categories of sources of personal information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information, the categories of third parties with whom we share or sell personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected. We try to fulfill access requests within 45 days of receiving the request. If we need more time or additional information to fulfill your request, we will write to let you know. Right to Correct. You may have the right to request the correction of personal information we have collected from them.  If we need more time or additional information to fulfill your request, we will write to let you know. Right to Delete. You may have the right to request the deletion of certain personal information. If we need more time or additional information to fulfill your request, we will write to let you know. Right to Portability. You may have the right to receive personal information we hold about them in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format so that you can provide that personal information to another entity. When you make a request to know specific pieces of information, the report we will provide will be in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. Right Against Discrimination. You have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of the rights described in this section. eBay will not discriminate against you for exercising or requesting to exercise your privacy rights noted above. Authorized Agents. You may use an authorized agent to submit the foregoing requests on your behalf. The agent will need to contact your eBay partner to submit the request. We may request evidence that you have authorized the agent to submit a request on your behalf. How to exercise your privacy rights: You or your authorized agent can exercise the applicable  rights as a data subject by contacting your eBay partner. 12.7 Do Not Track California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Because there currently isn't an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we don't respond to them at this time. 12.8 California's "Shine the Light" Law If you are a California resident, you are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. The Site does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. Cookies, web beacons, and similar technology ("Cookie Notice") This Cookie Notice details all relevant information regarding the use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies in connection to our Site and your choice options in this regard. This Cookie Notice is applicable regardless of how you access and make use of our Site including the access via mobile devices. 1. Information regarding the technologies we use When you use our Site, we and authorized third-party providers make use of cookies and similar technologies. We make use of cookies and similar technologies which will not be saved on your device or which will only be saved on your device for as long as your browser is active (e.g. session cookies). Furthermore, we make use of cookies and similar technologies which will be saved on your device for a longer period (e.g. persistent cookies). Where possible, we take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access to our cookies and similar technologies. A unique identifier (ID) ensures that only we and authorized third-party providers have access to data that has been collected by means of cookies and similar technologies. The cookies and similar technologies used by us have various functions: They can be (technically) necessary for the provision of our Site They help us to technically enhance our Site e.g. monitoring of error messages and loading times) They help us to improve your user experience (e.g. by saving the font size and data entered into web forms) 1.1 What are cookies, web beacons and similar technologies 1.1.1 Cookies Cookies are small text files (typically made up of letters and numbers) which are placed in the memory of your browser or device when you make use of our Site, in particular when you visit our website or when you open a message. Cookies allow for a recognition of a specific device or browser. There are different types of cookies: Session cookies (also called session based cookies) expire at the end of your session (e.g. when closing your browser window) and enable the entity using them to track your activities during this one session Persistent cookies remain stored on your device between sessions and enable us, for example, to track your settings or activities on several websites First-party cookies are set by the provider whose online service you are using (e.g. the operator of the website you are visiting) Third-party cookies are set by a provider other than the provider whose online service you are using (e.g. the operator of a website other than the one you are visiting) 1.1.2 Web beacons Web beacons (also known as pixel tags or clear GIFs) are small graphic images that are used in connection with the provision of our Site and which typically work in conjunction with cookies to track the use of an online service by its users. For example, when we send you emails, web beacons allow us to track if you opened the emails and clicked links to measure campaign performance and improve features. 1.1.3 Similar technologies Similar technologies are technologies which enable the entity using it to track your user behavior. This can be done by local shared objects or local storage, such as flash cookies, HTML 5 cookies and other web application software methods, all of which store information in your browser or device. Additionally, there are other technologies that function without local storage in your end device and instead make use of, inter alia, browser functions. In this context, a "fingerprint" of your system is created that serves as a unique identifier. These technologies may function across all your browsers and in some cases are not fully managed by your browser, but may need to be managed directly from your installed applications or your device. 1.2 Why do we use these technologies Some functionalities of our Site can only be offered using cookies, web beacons and similar technologies. In general, these technologies enable us to track your user behavior and identify you - even across devices. You can find more information about the personal data that we collect using cookies and similar technologies in the Privacy Notice above. The cookies, web beacons and similar technologies used in connection with our Site serve the following functions: 1.2.1 Technologies which are operationally necessary We use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies that are necessary for the operation of our Site. This includes technologies that allow you access to our Site, its local versions and functionalities, which are required to monitor the functioning of the Site, prevent fraudulent activity and improve security. 1.2.2 Technologies which are performance-related We use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies to assess the performance of our Site. This happens, inter alia, to analyze how visitors use our Site how users use our messaging tools, if and how items and links are viewed or how to improve our Site 1.2.3 Technologies which are functionality-related We use cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies that allow us to offer you enhanced functionality when accessing or using our Site. These technologies may, inter alia, store information you provided through a web form. 1.3 Which security measures do we take to protect your data? We protect our cookies and similar technologies to ensure that only we or authorized service providers can evaluate them. For this purpose, we assign a unique identifier (ID) to them that is designed so that only we can process them. 1.4 Google Analytics We utilize Google Analytics 4, an analysis tool of Google LLC and Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google") to continuously enhance our Site. This tool assigns data, sessions, and interactions to a pseudonymous user ID, enabling cross-device activity analysis by employing cookies on your device to analyze Site usage. The data collected by the cookies regarding the use of our Site is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there (see additional information for users in the European Economic Area below). On our behalf, Google processes this data to evaluate Site usage, compile reports on usage activities, and provide additional services related to Site usage. Google Analytics 4 does not log or store individual IP addresses. However, it does provide coarse geo-location data by deriving the following metadata from IP addresses: city (including the derived latitude and longitude of the city), continent, country, region, subcontinent (and their ID-based counterparts). For users located in the European Economic Area, IP-address data is used solely for geo-location data derivation before being immediately discarded; it is not logged, accessible, or used for any additional use cases. Data collected via Google Analytics 4 is automatically deleted after 2 months. Any data that has reached its retention period is automatically deleted monthly. You have the option to prevent data collection through Google Analytics cookies by either declining cookies when prompted or adjusting your browser settings. Additionally, you can prevent the collection of data related to your use of the Site via the Google Analytics cookie and the processing of this data by Google by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . Please be aware that deactivating cookies may limit your ability to use all the features of our Site, as some functionalities rely on cookies to operate correctly. Additional information about Google Analytics can be found in Google’s applicable Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . 2. Your Choices You can decide to what extent we may use cookies and similar technologies within the provision of our Site. Your choice options will depend on the purposes for which we use these technologies. If you wish to deactivate the use of any cookies – including cookies that are operationally necessary, performance-related or functionality-related – that we use within the provision of our Site, you may do so by using the settings in your browser or device, if this is supported by your browser or device. The settings must be made separately for each browser you use. Please note that you may not be able to use certain functionalities of our Site when you deactivate cookies and similar technologies. 3. Do Not Track California law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (DNT) signals. Because there currently isn't an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we don't respond to them at this time. We await the result of work by the privacy community and industry to determine when such a response is appropriate and what form it should take. Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/PRIVACY-POLICY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/SIGN-IN #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Welcome to our Playbook! Sign in Or Partner sign in Agencies and creative partners who don’t have an eBay email address but are approved partners, sign in below. Your company email Sign in Register Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/SIGN-IN #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/GET-STARTED/CONTRIBUTORS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Get started Overview FAQ System definitions Contributors The guidance provided on this site is made possible through extensive collaborations with our multidisciplinary partners. Thank you all for your contributions. Contributors On this page Design Leadership and Ops OneExperience Marketing partners Engineering partners Legal partners Design Leadership and Ops Aaron Carambula Tyler Moore Emma White Elise Zimbardo-Ensor OneExperience Team Leadership Tyler Moore Design Systems Simon O'Shea Kat Carboy Ryan Tinsley Wes Anderson Hannah O’Neal Randy Bascue Jeremy Bechtel Kavan Magsoodi James Carleton Brand Design Jess Staley Anthony Didonato Vicente Silva Elvis Benicio Patricia Mo (Pleemo) Ariel Duong Jaden Nethercott Gabriel Rocha Design Technology Stephen Scaff Cordelia McGee-Tubb Megan Woodruff JD Corr Andy Stewart Caleb Nance Mike Hobizal Content Joline Tang Anthony Cerretani Sara Keats Lydia Koehn Cassandra Morrissey Amanda Miller Jessica Kenny Sandy Matos Marketing partners Emily O’Hara Tracey Freeden Jenn Omura Kate Green Engineering partners Accessibility Ian McBurnie Mark Lapole Aidan Tierney Goutham Ponnada eBay UI Ian McBurnie Andrew Gliga Arthur Khachatryan Luke LaValva iOS Tyler Nugent Irina Fernandez Stephen Feuerstein Android Matt Mossman Austen Rustrum Kelvin Watson Aaron Thompson Jessica Benz Legal partners Anthony Rufo Christie Hatten Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/GET-STARTED/CONTRIBUTORS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/GET-STARTED/SYSTEM-DEFINITIONS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Get started Overview FAQ System definitions System definitions Definitions and examples of words and elements throughout eBay Evo. System definitions On this page C E F M P S T V Component lifecycle Change log C Component A reusable piece of code that serves as a specific user interface element or function. Examples Button Checkbox Card Section title Sheet Text field E Expressions An expression is the application of the system to a particular subject/area. Examples Landing pages Campaigns Emails Program materials F Foundations Fundamental elements that provide the building blocks for creating consistent and cohesive user experiences. Examples Color Spacing Typography Iconography Related terms Primitives Atoms M Microanimation A short, subtle animation that emphasizes actions, transitions, and hierarchy. Examples Save button press Add to cart transition Generative AI replies Mode A list of values for a variable within a specific context. Examples Light Dark English German Compact Large P Pattern A reusable solution to a common user problem. Examples Collecting user data Building data dashboards Progressive disclosure Feedback Sharing Bulk editing Uploading files Property A variable that can be passed to a component and used to customize its behavior or appearance. Examples isVisible? Level Size Orientation S Style Holds a combination of values that are expressed all at once. Examples scrim/image ai/gradient/green/strong image/avatar/2 viz/chart/fill/tertiary T Template A pre-built layout or design that can be used to create user interfaces. They usually include content areas and surrounding elements like navigations headers, menus, and device-specific UI elements. Examples Dashboard Landing page Product feed List-detail view Token A reusable variable representing a specific design decision. Examples color.core.blue.400 color.background.accent spacing.page.grid.gutter border.radius.small V Value A value is the data that is assigned to a component property. Examples Small False Attention Stacked Variable A specific implementation or representation of a single value. Examples colorCoreBlue400 --color-background-accent spacingTitlePaddingHorizontal Variant An alternative presentation of a component with different properties and values. Examples Primary button Secondary button Small text field Confirmation alert notice Component lifecycle Experimental Experimental components or features are still in their early stages and are not yet ready for widespread use. Experimental features are released to gather feedback on new ideas or concepts, and they may not be fully functional or stable. Beta Components or features in beta are nearing completion and are being released to a limited group of users for testing and feedback. Beta features are released to identify and fix any remaining bugs or usability issues before being officially released to the general public. Stable Stable components are fully functional and available for use in most, or all, circumstances. Legacy Legacy components are stable but discouraged due to availability of a newer or better alternative. Deprecated Deprecated components are marked for removal in next major version and should no longer be used. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous FAQ Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 5-second video shows a collection grid of different micro interactions. The top left tile reads “Hang tight.” and then “Almost done.” while a dashed line in ebay colors animates below. To the right is a tile with 5 icons: home, profile, search, notification, and selling. A blue indicator hovers over each icon and the icons have a popping wiggle motion. The bottom left tile shows the filled AI icon centered that swipes to the left and gets smaller, while a chat bubble appears with a typing indicator and a message. To the right of that is a bright green illustrated tile with a handbag and watch in a box. There is a white button reading “Luxury”. The illustration has a pop motion and a black outline appears around it. The button turns black and in white reads a checkmark and “Luxury”. The last tile is a shopping cart icon in a white circle on a pink background. The icon has a popping motion and a small red circle with “1” appears on its upper right. The popping motion happens as the red circle changes from “1” to “2” to “3”.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/GET-STARTED/SYSTEM-DEFINITIONS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/GET-STARTED/FAQ #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Get started Overview FAQ System definitions FAQs You’ve got questions, we’ve got answers. If you have a question or issue that isn’t listed here, feel free to get in touch . FAQs Gaining access to the Evo Playbook How do I get access to the Evo Playbook for an agency partner? Evo Playbook restricted access is only available to approved eBay partners. If your organization has been approved with the necessary agreements on file, you will be granted access. To sign in, enter your work email in the Partner section of the sign in modal, or at https://playbook.ebay.com/sign-in , and click the "Sign in" button. If it is your first time signing in, you will be prompted to enter your first and last name, and a verification email will be sent to the email you entered. On subsequent logins when needed, you will only need to enter your work email, and click the Sign in button in the verification email that is sent. If you believe your organization should be an approved partner, or get prompted with a notification about an account not being found during sign in, you can click the Register button found on the sign in page to submit a request form for review. As a requirement, you will need to enter your eBay point of contact and any additional details to help the eBay team review. For additional questions or support, please reach out on slack to #global-mktg-tool-support , or on email to brandops@ebay.com . Accessibility Which accessibility standards does eBay Evo follow? We strive for WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance on all eBay products. See the eBay Accessibility Statement to learn more. How do I ensure product creative is adhering to WCAG standards? Patterns and components defined in the eBay Evo Design System aim to conform to WCAG 2.1 AA by providing an experience that is Perceivable, Operable, Understandable and Robust as defined by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) Working Group of the W3C. For designers working in Figma, we developed Include , an open-source plug-in to help think through accessibility requirements and annotate them along the way. Where can I learn more about accessibility best practices? Learn more on our Accessibility page, and find specific guidance on each of our Component pages . eBay teams can also reach out to our accessibility Slack channel or sign up for accessibility office hours . Evo What is Evo? Evo is eBay’s new unified design system–inspired by how people discover, and built to connect our customers with passions. Evo brings eBay’s strategy to life with a cohesive yet adaptable visual brand platform that balances global consistency with local relevance—fostering emotional connections with both new and loyal customers alike. Evo is the product and brand design language that binds eBay as a global brand. The language helps to modernize our product experience while creating a consistent thread through all of our marketing touch points. The flexible, responsive system creates a unified approach to everything we do, while ensuring relevance for all regions and audiences. Evo is the foundation for all design and content at eBay, and guidelines can be found here on Playbook, the single source of truth to help you make better, more informed decisions for our product and brand. What is the status of new components that I see in the Design System? The Design System Figma is a living, breathing document that accommodates updates & changes weekly, based on user, domain and design feedback, and our ongoing effort to synthesize previous systems into a unified, modernized and consistent eBay across platforms. We work continuously with eBayUI and Native Foundations teams to update common components that you see in the Design System. If you are finding a component updated in the Design System, but not yet built as a common component, you can always reach out to #design-system to ask about status or let us know if you need a component prioritized. Are there templates that I can use for my presentations? Yes! We’ve packaged PowerPoint, Google Slides, and Figma template presentations within Tools & Resources . They may be used internally and for all external engagements. Install our Market Sans font on your device for proper presentation display. Where can I download icons for my project? We have two types of icons at eBay: core icons and badges. Learn how we construct them in our Iconography foundation . Check the existing icon library or request a new icon here . Do not alter or edit badges without permission. What is eBay’s approach to responsive web design? Responsive web design offers a more flexible and versatile approach, allowing a single website to adapt to any screen size. All new pages, features and components should align to responsive web design. Learn more with eBay’s Responsive Web Mindset or in the slack channel #responsive-web-design . Previous Get started: Overview Next System definitions Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/GET-STARTED/FAQ #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/ICON-LIBRARY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Icon library v2.28.0 Our library includes all of the icon options and sizes available for use. Icon library v2.28.0 Skeleton Title Resources To discuss icon needs, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Global icon repo (svg) Access our global iconography repository of optimized svgs. Android engineering docs Learn how to include these icons in Android features. eBayUI-Core React icon component Use this core component to easily add icons to your React app. eBayUI-Core icon component Use this core component to easily add icons to your Marko app. Global icon repo (png) Access our global iconography repository of pngs for use in decks. iOS Catalog App Download the latest iOS Catalog app to browse our iOS icons. eBay Skin icon library Include optimized svg icons in your web UIs. OX Design System office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Design System team. Changelog Version Date Notes 2.28.0 Feb, 2025 Added 24px location arrow, top rated plus Added 16px psa, psa color, location arrow, top rated plus Added 64px exclude Updated 48px european conformity Added payment card icons for bancontact disabled, cb disabled, eftpos disabled 2.27.0 Jan, 2025 Added 24px ai tools, ruler Added 20px ai tools Added 16px ai tools, ruler, swap Added payment card icons for alipay hk, carnet, elo, interac, kakao pay, mercado pago, paypay Renamed 24, 20, 16px “save” to “heart”, “save filled” to “heart filled” 2.26.0 Dec, 2024 Added 24px panel close vertical, panel open vertical, forklift, nfc Added 20px panel close vertical, panel open vertical Added 16px panel close vertical, panel open vertical, forklift, nfc, menu Added 32, 24, 18, 12px cashapp, nfc card, eftpos, bancontact Updated 32, 24, 18, 12px cb, klarna pink, klarna white, klarna black Renamed 24, 20, 16px “locked” to “lock filled” Renamed 24, 16px “escrow” to “lock”, “unlocked” to “unlock”, “on the way” to “truck shipped” Renamed 64, 24, 16px “fast and free” to “truck” 2.25.0 Nov, 2024 Added 48px coin battery, european conformity, no children zero three, out of reach Added 24px folder add, trading card grade Added 16px folder add, psa vault, psa vault color, trading card grade 2.24.0 Sep, 2024 Added 40px star empty, star filled Added 24px panel open, panel close, item list, money stack, translate, explore Added 20px thumb up, thumb up filled, thumb down, thumb down filled, panel open, panel close, item list, money stack, translate Added 16px profile, panel open, panel close, history, bids, item list, translate, explore Updated 24px twitter, history Updated 64px history Updated payment card icons for monthly invoice, eBay balance, gift card 2.23.0 Aug, 2024 Updated payment card icons for monthly invoice Added 24px panel, megaphone, data chart, drag drop Added 20px panel Added 16px panel, megaphone, data chart, drag drop, background removal Added 12px add, remove Updated 24px refresh, undo Updated 16px refresh, undo Updated colors on assets using the eBay logo 2.22.0 Jul, 2024 Added 64px clock, graph Added 24px season, fall leaf, spring leaf, mountain, speedometer Added 16px season, fall leaf, spring leaf, mountain, speedometer Added 12px confirmation filled Updated 24px show, hide, live eye, apple, google Updated 16px show, hide, live eye Added payment card icons for girocard Updated payment card icons for CB 2.21.0 Jun, 2024 Added 24px authenticity guarantee filled, density compact, density default, density relaxed, feedback received, money back guarantee filled, potted plant, shovel Added 16px authenticity guarantee filled, density compact, density default, density relaxed, feedback received, masonry view, masonry view filled, money back guarantee filled, potted plant, shovel Added 20px chevron right, chevron down, download Updated 64px confirmation Updated 24px authenticity guarantee, direct from brand, brand authorized seller, ebay refurbished, confirmation, confirmation filled, money back guarantee Updated 16px confirmation, confirmation filled, money back guarantee Added payment card icons for alipay cn, monthly invoice 2.20.0 May, 2024 Added 24px feedback received Added 16px feedback received 2.19.0 Apr, 2024 Added 64px ebay international shipping, selling, return, profile Added 24px shirt, target, graph dynamic, ship and local Added 16px shirt, target, graph dynamic, ship and local, bank Updated 24px download, upload 2.18.0 Mar, 2024 Added 64px inspect, fast and free Added 24px bookmark filled Added 16px bookmark filled, print Updated 64px bids, wallet Updated 24px bids, wallet, fast and free, on the way Updated 16px fast and free, on the way 2.17.0 Jan, 2024 Added 64px passkey Added 24px passkey, swap, exclude Added 20px mail, locked Added 16px passkey, exclude Updated 64px calendar, gift, credit card, bank Updated 24px locked, unlocked, calendar, gift, credit card, bank Updated 16px locked, unlocked, calendar, gift, credit card 2.16.0 Dec, 2023 Added 12, 18, 24, 32 venmo disabled 2.15.0 Nov, 2023 Added 24px top service Added 16px top service, satchel, large box, medium box, small box Updated 24px satchel, large box, medium box, small box, carryon, check in, shoe box, suitcase Removed AI filled 24, 20, 16 Removed AI spectrum 24, 20, 16, thin 16 2.14.0 Oct, 2023 Added 24px feedback, map, ribbon, snowflake, toggle mode top, toggle mode bottom Added 20px chevron up, feedback, external link, help outline, map, brightness, moon Added 16px feedback, face happy, map, ribbon, brightness, moon, snowflake Updated 24px external link, certified recycled, ebay plus Updated 16px external link, ebay plus, ebay preloved Added Venmo FOP icons Removed -fit attribute and sizing from all program badges 2.13.0 Sep, 2023 Added 24px background removal, store filled, graph 24, chinese coin, sparkline up filled, car brake, headlight, split payment, fingerprint, youtube, tiktok Added 20px text messaging Added 16px graph 16, chinese coin, car brake, headlight, split payment Updated 64px store, notification Updated 24px selling, store, home, home filled, notification, notification filled, selling, selling filled Updated 20px selling, notification Updated 16px selling, store, notification Renamed “fast & free” to “fast and free” Added “fit” tags to correct icons 2.12.0 Jul, 2023 Added 12px close Added 16px package, discount, promotion, ai, ai thin, ai filled, ai spectrum, ai spectrum thin, ai spectrum filled, arrows expand Added 20px ai, ai filled, ai spectrum, ai spectrum filled Added 24px discount, promotion, search similar, ai, ai filled, ai spectrum, ai spectrum filled, arrows expand Added 64px arrows 3d filled Updated 16px wrench Updated 24px package, wrench, twitter Updated 64px pause filled Renamed “play 64” to “play filled 64” Renamed “pause 64” to “pause filled 64” Updated tags for customize, checkbox checked, checkbox unchecked, checkbox mixed, radio checked, radio unchecked, expand 2.11.0 Jun, 2023 Added 24px snowmobile, jet ski Added 16px snowmobile, jet ski Updated 20, 16px search similar 2.10.0 May, 2023 Added 64px notification Added 24px eBay for charity, transaction, eBay preloved Added 16px eBay for charity, eBay preloved, selling, undo 2.9.0 Apr, 2023 Added 64px confirmation, thumb up, package Added 24px sparkline up, sparkline down, bookmark, key, money back guarantee Added 20px pencil, sparkline up, sparkline down Added 16px sparkline up, sparkline down, location, bookmark, key, money back guarantee Renamed “priority 64, 24, 16” and “priority filled 24, 16” icons to “attention 64, 24, 16” and “attention filled 24, 16” Renamed “EMBG 16” to “eBay Money Back Guarantee Logo 16” Renamed “arrow title 20” to “arrow right 20” and updated artwork Renamed “eBay bucks 16” to “eBay bucks logo 16” Renamed “nectar 24” to “nectar logo 24” Renamed “play 64” to “play filled 64” Renamed “pause 64” to “pause filled 64” Updated 16px location Updated 24, 16 play filled to have a white circle background with black icon Made all payment card icons visible in grid Moved logos from “payments” to new section called “logos” Updated 12px icons to use 12px artboards 2.8.0 Mar, 2023 Added “Legacy program badges” section which was moved from the “Program Badge” page. These are 48px assets that are meant to scale to any size. Added “Selection controls” section that has web checkbox and radio control icon references. These are the same assets that can be found on the “Selection controls” page. Added 20px notification, profile Added 16px ebay plus logo, notification, search similar Renamed “overflow ios” to “overflow horizontal” Renamed “overflow android” to “overflow vertical” Renamed “current” to “progress current” Renamed “upcoming” to “progress upcoming” Added “colored” tags to all “-colored” icons 2.7.0 Feb, 2023 Added 24px linkedin, instagram, yuan, won, file, motorcycle, atv, boat, rotate landscape left, rotate landscape right, rotate portrait left, rotate portrait right Added 20px search similar, delete Added 16px yuan, won, audio high, audio low, audio off, closed caption, closed caption filled, contract, expand, file, motorcycle, atv, boat, rotate landscape left, rotate landscape right, rotate portrait left, rotate portrait right Added “video” category and moved play and pause icons there Updated 64px cart Updated 24px camera, switch camera, pause, play, delete, share ios, cart Updated 20px share ios, cart Updated 16px camera, pause, delete, share ios, cart Moved “camera” icons under “photo” category Moved “filter” icons under “filter” category Renamed all social icons to remove “filled” Renamed “messenger” to “facebook messenger” Renamed “escrow” to “escrow card” under “payments” category Removed “play outline” 64, 24, 16 - use “play” 64, 24, 16 as a replacement Removed “pause outline” 64, 24, 16 - use “pause” 64, 24, 16 as a replacement Removed 64px “play filled” and “pause filled” - use “play” 64 and “pause” 64 as replacements Removed Money Back Guarantee 24/16 until approval for icon is received 2.6.0 Dec, 2022 Updated and added tags for all icons Updated 24px and 16px ebay plus, verified condition, the ebay vault, store Updated 24px lightning bolt, handbag Updated 64px store Renamed “bag” to “handbag”, “watch” to “glasses” Added 16px lightning bolt, categories, handbag Added 24px face saddest, face sad, face neutral, face happy, face happiest Added 24px and 16px sneaker, brand authorized seller, click to call, direct from brand, ebay refurbished, escrow, free warranty, money back guarantee, top rated seller, neutral, rim, watch, hanger, diamond, chair, trading card, lamp, headphone, wrench, inspect Added 64px history, priority Program badge icon frames now “fit” to the width of the artwork for better alignment with text. The heights still remain 24 and 16px tall. 2.5.0 Nov, 2022 Updated 16px list view, ebay international shipping, hide Updated 24px ebay international shipping, hide, location Updated 64px location Added 16px refresh, list view filled, negative filled, book, article, qr code Added 24px auto adjust, list view filled, negative filled, book, article, qr code 2.4.0 Oct, 2022 Added “currency” section with 24, 16px sizes across dollar, euro, franc, krona, peso, pound, ringgit, rupee, zloty Renamed “pause” to “pause outline” Renamed “play” to “play outline” Added new 24px and 16px pause, play 2.3.0 Sep, 2022 Renamed “selling active, notification active, profile active, home active, search active” to “selling filled, notification filled, profile filled, home filled, search filled” Added 24px checkmark, flash off, flash auto, trophy, upload, coin, authenticity guarantee Added 20px settings, help Added 16px trend up, trend down, trophy, upload, authenticity guarantee Added 64px image 2.2.0 Aug, 2022 Added 12, 18, 24, 32px sizes across all payment card icons Added “resources” section with link to new global icon library folder containing icon files for dev Moved icon grids back into a single page Added 24px and 16px pin, verified condition, recovery code Renamed “global shipping programme” to “eBay international shipping” 2.1.0 Jul, 2022 Updated all icon names to have the “size” descriptor at the end Added 12px sort, sort up, sort down for tables Added 16px lightbulb, download, flag, share android, chat, text messaging,  overflow ios Added 20px arrow left, selling, search, share android, overflow ios Added 24px sort, flag, current, upcoming, share android, overflow ios Added 64px fingerprint Updated 24px lightbulb Updated Visa card icons across sizes Fixed color discrepancies Renamed “overflow” to “overflow android” Renamed previous “flag” to “flag filled” Renamed “front camera” to “switch camera” Renamed “share” to “share ios” 2.0.0 Jun, 2022 Added Actions section Added Navigation section Added Mail section Flattened icon grids Removed User, General, Interface, Arrows, Chevrons, Device, Content, Communication, and Media Moved icons in removed sections to appropriate Navigation or Actions sections Renamed Photo Editor section to Photo Deprecated old profile icon Replaced “profile” icon with “profile alt” Moved new “profile” icon under Navigation Renamed “tag” to “selling” Renamed “tag fill” to “selling active” Renamed “home fill” to “home active” Renamed “notification fill” to “notification active” Renamed “profile fill” to “profile active” Renamed “red laser” to “scan” and replaced icon Updated 64x, 24px, and 16px for Mail Updated 24px for small letter, add image, search active Updated 24px and 16px for thumb up, thumb up filled, thumb down, thumb down filled, help outline, save, show, hide, customize, up chevron, down chevron, left chevron, right chevron Added 24px and 16px options for copy, car, gallery, image, archive, flag, folder, inbox, mail move, mail open, mail unread, reply, return, live eye, cart, save, keyboard, help, gift, arrows 3D, settings, scan, share, filter, collections Added 20px overflow, close, cart, save, share, and left-chevron for navigation Reverted to use individual master components vs variants and properties Moved extra large icons under separate Extra Large section Removed white versions of social icons (use color overrides instead) 1.15.0 Apr, 2022 Updated pathing of close-sm icon 1.14.0 Mar, 2022 Added new The eBay vault program badge Updated moneyback guarantee program badge Updated path of top-rated seller program badge Updated vector path of save, thumb, money-back guarantee, show, hide, scan icons Added 24px option to zoom in and zoom out icons Added 16px options to settings, add, remove, scan, and gift icons Added new eBay plus, filter, and the eBay vault icons Added missing size/direction combinations of arrows and chevron icons Previous Confirmation indicators Next Best practices Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Actions add arrows 3d arrows expand bookmark bookmark filled chat clear close copy customize delete download drag drop fingerprint glasses heart heart filled hide key link live eye location arrow microphone mobile neutral panel panel close panel close vertical panel open panel open vertical pencil phone pin pin filled print qr code recovery code refresh remove return scan search similar security key send share android share ios show sort sort down sort up text messaging translate upload zoom in zoom out Currency dollar euro franc krona peso pound ringgit rupee won yuan zloty Filter condensed grid condensed grid filled density compact density default density relaxed filter full view full view filled grid view grid view filled list view list view filled masonry view masonry view filled relaxed grid relaxed grid filled split view split view filled Logos ebay bucks logo ebay money back guarantee logo ebay plus logo nectar logo psa psa color psa vault psa vault color Mail archive flag flag filled folder folder add inbox mail mail move mail open mail unread reply Navigation ai ai spectrum filled ai thin ai tools arrow left arrow right article atv bank bar chart bids boat book calendar car car brake cart categories chair chevron down chevron left chevron right chevron up chinese coin clock clock fast coin collections credit card diamond discount ebay live exclude explore external link fall leaf feedback feedback received file gift graph graph dynamic hanger headlight headphone help help outline history home home filled inspect item list jet ski keyboard lamp lightbulb lightning bolt location lock filled map megaphone menu mobile signal money stack moon motorcycle mountain move nfc notification notification filled overflow horizontal overflow vertical passkey potted plant profile profile filled promotion ribbon rim ruler search search filled seasons selling selling filled settings shirt shovel sneaker snowflake snowmobile speedometer split payment spring leaf store store filled support swap target toggle mode bottom toggle mode top trading card trading card grade transaction trophy unlock video wallet watch wrench Payments afterpay alipay cn alipay cn disabled alipay hk amex apple pay bancontact bank account carnet cashapp cb diners direct debit discover ebay balance ebay mastercard eftpos elo escrow card general card generic card gift card girocard google pay interac jcb kakao pay klarna black klarna pink klarna white maestro mastercard mercado pago monthly invoice nfc card payoneer paypal paypal credit paypal disabled paypay postepay unionpay venmo venmo disabled visa wallet balance Photo add image auto adjust background removal brightness camera contrast crop flash flash auto flash off gallery image rotate rotate landscape left rotate landscape right rotate portrait left rotate portrait right select all sharpen switch camera undo unselect all Legacy program badges Unlike other iconography on this page, these legacy program badges are meant to scale proportionally to any size. legacy authenticity guarantee legacy click to call legacy escrow legacy free warranty legacy money back guarantee chf legacy money back guarantee eu legacy money back guarantee uk legacy money back guarantee us legacy money back guarantee zl legacy top rated seller Program badges Learn more about the ins and outs of program badges by visiting program badges . authenticity guarantee authenticity guarantee filled brand authorized seller certified recycled click to call direct from brand ebay for charity ebay international shipping ebay plus ebay preloved ebay refurbished free warranty lock money back guarantee money back guarantee filled the ebay vault top rated plus top rated seller top service verified condition Reviews face happiest face happy face neutral face sad face saddest star empty star filled star half thumb down thumb down filled thumb up thumb up filled Safety coin battery european conformity no children zero three out of reach Selection controls checkbox unchecked checkbox  checked checkbox  mixed radio checked radio unchecked Shipping carryon check in forklift handbag large box medium box package satchel ship and local shoe box small box small letter suitcase truck truck shipped Social apple discord facebook facebook messenger google instagram linkedin pinterest reddit tiktok twitter whatsapp youtube Status attention attention filled checkmark confirmation confirmation filled information information filled negative filled progress current progress upcoming sparkline down sparkline up sparkline up filled tick trend down trend up Video audio high audio low audio off closed caption closed caption filled contract expand pause play play filled Extra large arrows 3d filled attention bank bids calendar camera cart chat clock confirmation credit card ebay international shipping exclude fingerprint gift glasses graph history image inspect location mail notification package passkey pause filled play filled profile return search selling store text messaging thumb up truck wallet

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/ICON-LIBRARY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/PROGRAM-BADGES #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Program badges Program badges are icon and text lockups that highlight and reinforce existing programs and services at eBay related to trust, authentication, and guarantees. Program badges On this page Overview Anatomy Size Orientation Color framework Alignment In marketing Specs Resources Change log Overview Anatomy A program badge is a lockup featuring a program-specific icon and the name of the program. For the approved set of program icons, see the Icon library . Icon Text Lockup Size Program badges come in both 24px and 16px icon lockups and use regular-weight text. Orientation Single line This single line lockup is the primary version that is used across applications. Double line This double line lockup is a secondary treatment that may be used when space is limited in marketing materials. Color framework Program badges help visualize and convey trust. To create visual hierarchy, we use different badge colors based on quantity of badges in a viewable area and level of importance. If a program badge is meant to be one of the most important elements on a page, it can stand out by using our blue accent color. Blue is not a requirement, but simply an option. Alternately, if there are many program badges on a page, they may cause too much visual noise and should instead use black to decrease the visual hierarchy. Learn more by visiting Color tokens . Number of badges View Item (1 badge) On the View Item page, a single program badge can appear at the very top of the page above the item’s title. This location provides high-level trust through our blue accent color. Checkout (1 badge) A program badge like eBay Money Back Guarantee is common during the checkout process when all items are eligible for the program. This uses our blue accent color to ensure high-level trust during the final step before purchase. Shop with confidence (1 badge) On the View Item page, program badges can appear further down in the “shop with confidence” module. It’s common to find program badges with other trust signals and icons in this section. This is a color exception because one program badge is surrounded by other icons and black is used instead of our blue accent color. Search Results Page (3+ badges) Throughout the SRP, program badges appear consistently at the bottom of item tiles. Badges only appear on item tiles that match the program’s criteria, and only one badge appears at a time. Since there are many program badges on a page like this, it’s okay to use black to allow them to visually sit back within the design. Alignment Text wrapping Some moments require a program name to wrap onto a second line of text. This can occur for longer program names or as a result of localizing text for another language. When wrapping text, anchor the icon in the upper left, center-aligned with the first line of text. Rows and cells Within sections like the “shop with confidence” module on View Item pages, the alignment of program icons and text depends on the amount of lines of text that are present. Vertically center-align program icon and text when there are 2 lines or less. With 3 or more lines, top-align icon and text. The icon can be placed within a circle background to provide better visual anchoring. Large badge multi-line Vertically center-align program icon and text when there are 2 lines or less. With 3 or more lines, top-align icon and text. This treatment provides increased visual attention. Small badge multi-line Left-align sub copy underneath small program badge lockups when there is a clean edge line down the page. Keeping an edge will help with scannability. In marketing There are a variety of treatments that are used when using program badges throughout marketing materials. Learn more in the UI graphics expression and banner component. Outlined Every program has an outlined icon that is associated with it. These icons will be used across the majority of applications. Filled The eBay Guaranteed Fit program should only be represented with a filled icon; do not use an outlined version. Authenticity Guarantee on the other hand has both filled and outlined variants. The filled variant is only used when placing on top of photography and to draw more attention to the program. If there are two or more icons in a layout and one of them is filled, the others should also be filled. Icon and text separated It is possible to separate the program badge icon and text if the program name is being used as the headline. These layouts are more nuanced and should be developed in partnership with the brand team. Overline One of the common use cases for using program badges will be found in the overline of a banner. The overline sits above the banner’s title. The color matches the color scheme of the banner text and button. Tone-on-tone When program badges are used in a layout that has a specific color scheme, the color should match the type and other UI elements. Product Do use program icons to represent their programs. Don’t use program icons for anything other than their programs. Do use a single program badge on item tiles. Don’t stack multiple program badges in item tiles. Use only the most significant program badge. Do left-align sub copy underneath program badges to maintain a clean edge line for better scannability. Don’t indent sub copy to the program name—resulting in an uncomfortable edge line and disrupting scannability. Do use outlined program badges in product. The main exception is Guaranteed Fit. Don’t use filled program badges in product. Filled badges are primarily used over photography in marketing. The main exception is Guaranteed Fit. Don’t use tooltips with program badges. This treatment is often redundant and inaccessible without other visual indicators. Don’t place other icons or links in close proximity to program badges. These badges are meant to be simple visual indicators. Don’t create your own color combinations for program badges. Don’t use bold weight for program badge text. Marketing Do use filled icons for all program badges in a layout if there is at least one icon that is filled. Don’t mix outlined and filled icons for program badges in the same layout. Do follow the color scheme of the layout. For tone-on-tone, the program badge should match the text and button color. Don’t use a blue program badge over a colored background. Do use outlined program badges when they are not placed over photography. The main exception is Guaranteed Fit. Don’t use filled program badges when they are not placed over photography. The main exception is Guaranteed Fit. Do use the filled Authenticity Guarantee and eBay Money Back Guarantee icons on top of imagery when needed. Don’t use the outlined Authenticity Guarantee and eBay Money Back Guarantee icons on top of imagery. Do follow the provided spec for a double line program lockup. Don’t text wrap the single line program lockup to two lines to create the double line lockup. Do place program badges in the text overline when referencing programs in product banners. Don’t randomly place a program badge lockup in a product banner. This creates unclear content hierarchy. Specs These specs apply to all program badges. Single line 24px Single line 16px The double line lockup is built by scaling the 24px icon to 32px. Once the lockup is built to these specs, it can be scaled proportionally to any size needed. Resources Strategy and stakeholders must vet a program before it becomes official. Our program badges are a finite set that will grow over time as we expand our program offerings. To discuss icon needs, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Please do not create new program badge icons without consulting OX. Do not alter or edit program badge icons. Icon library View our suite of available icons. Color tokens Learn about our color tokens. Item tile Learn how to build and use item tiles. OX Design System office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Design System team. Color Learn how to use our color across product and marketing applications. Marketing UI graphics Learn how to use our UI graphics in marketing applications. Type tokens View the tokens that we use to consistently apply these styles to any string in development. Change log Date Notes Feb, 2025 Updated grid of 21 program badges with the latest guidance Oct, 2024 Added more best practices to describe outlined/filled usage Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated overview Added anatomy, marketing, specs, and resources sections Apr, 2023 Updated icons on page Dec, 2022 Updated visual examples with latest program badges Oct, 2022 This page replaces the old “Understanding badges” page Updated overview at the top Added “Sizes” section Added “Color” section Added “Alignment” section Added “Marketing” section Added best practice examples Updated “Resources” section Previous Using icons Next Confirmation indicators Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/PROGRAM-BADGES #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/TYPOGRAPHY-TOKENS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Typography tokens Typography tokens Previous Spacing Next Breakpoints Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Semantic Title Value Example typography . display1 fontSize : font . size . giant3 fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . display1 lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 600 Aa typography . display2 fontSize : font . size . giant2 fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . display2 lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 575 Aa typography . display3 fontSize : font . size . giant1 fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . display3 lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 500 Aa typography . title1 fontSize : font . size . large2 fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 400 Aa typography . title2 fontSize : font . size . large1 fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 350 Aa typography . title3 fontSize : font . size . medium fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 300 Aa typography . subtitle1 fontSize : font . size . large1 fontWeight : font . weight . 400 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 350 Aa typography . subtitle2 fontSize : font . size . medium fontWeight : font . weight . 400 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 300 Aa typography . body fontSize : font . size . body fontWeight : font . weight . 400 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 250 Aa typography . bodyBold fontSize : font . size . body fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 250 Aa typography . caption fontSize : font . size . small fontWeight : font . weight . 400 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 200 Aa typography . captionBold fontSize : font . size . small fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . none letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . none lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 200 Aa typography . signal1 fontSize : font . size . body fontWeight : font . weight . 400 letterCase : font . textCase . uppercase letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . signal1 lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 250 Aa typography . signal2 fontSize : font . size . smallest fontWeight : font . weight . 600 letterCase : font . textCase . uppercase letterSpacing : font . letterSpacing . signal2 lineHeight : font . lineHeight . 150 Aa Core Title Value Relative value Example font . family . market-sans Market Sans - Market Sans font . letterSpacing . display1 -0 . 6px -0 . 0375rem Hello World font . letterSpacing . display2 -0 . 72px -0 . 045rem Hello World font . letterSpacing . display3 -0 . 92px -0 . 0575rem Hello World font . letterSpacing . none 0px - Hello World font . letterSpacing . signal1 0 . 7px 0 . 04375rem Hello World font . letterSpacing . signal2 0 . 5px 0 . 03125rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 150 12px 0 . 75rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 200 16px 1rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 250 20px 1 . 25rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 300 24px 1 . 5rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 350 28px 1 . 75rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 400 32px 2rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 500 40px 2 . 5rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 575 46px 2 . 875rem Hello World font . lineHeight . 600 56px 3 . 5rem Hello World font . paragraphSpacing . none 0px - Hello World font . size . body 14px 0 . 875rem Aa font . size . giant1 30px 1 . 875rem Aa font . size . giant2 36px 2 . 25rem Aa font . size . giant3 46px 2 . 875rem Aa font . size . large1 20px 1 . 25rem Aa font . size . large2 24px 1 . 5rem Aa font . size . medium 16px 1rem Aa font . size . small 12px 0 . 75rem Aa font . size . smallest 10px 0 . 625rem Aa font . textCase . none none - Hello World font . textCase . uppercase uppercase - Hello World font . textDecoration . none none - Hello World font . textDecoration . underline underline - Hello World font . weight . 400 Regular - Aa font . weight . 600 Bold - Aa

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/TYPOGRAPHY-TOKENS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/PATTERNS/FILE-UPLOAD #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload File upload v1.0.0 The file uploader allows users to upload one or more files to a location. Design Develop Accessibility File upload v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Grid columns Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Consistent File upload ensures that users encounter the same interface and process whether they are uploading images, videos, or documents, promoting ease of use and reducing confusion across different parts of the system. Compact The design supports multiple file uploads and accommodates for properties like file name and description—all without overcrowding the interface or compromising usability. Recognizable The file uploader leverages the familiar visual cues commonly found in industry best practices and are widely recognized across various platforms and devices. The design helps users swiftly locate the upload area, creating a familiar and recognizable experience. Anatomy Drop zone button Heading Description Select/drop zone Complementary CTA Add button Heading Icon Background Gallery item Asset container Media indicator Icon button File name (optional) Counter List item File name Item container Loading spinner Icon button Properties Heading On web, “Drag and drop files” is the required bolded heading to describe the user’s available action in the file upload container. This sets the correct expectation for interactions. On native, the heading can be adjusted to be specific, for example “Add files” or  “Add photos”. Description The description provides guidance on the acceptable formats and sizes for users. It can be modified to adapt to varying file upload requirements. Drag and drop Drag and drop functionality is available on the web. When a user grabs a file and hovers over the drop zone, the cursor changes to a closed hand. Once the file is released into the drop zone, the cursor switches to a hand pointer. Add button The add button is used on native platforms instead of the drop zone button. The button is provided in a square and rectangle with label variants. The heading and description are placed above the gallery section. The add button leads to the native camera roll, or presents a menu of multiple options, such as take photo or select photo. File name The file name is optional and can be included to help users distinguish between different files. Description The item description is optional and may be provided to help users understand a document’s features or purpose. Media types File types other than images are distinguished with the media type badge. Videos includes the play icon and time label. Other file types include a format abbreviation such as PDF, CSV etc. Behavior Upload limits When the file uploader allows multiple files to be uploaded, the drop zone or add button remains visible while files upload and all uploaded files appear in a queue. If there is a limit to total files, the drop zone or add button will hide when the limit is reached. If files are removed so that the total is below the limit, the drop zone or add button will reappear. Progress states (gallery) An example of a file gallery showing four files with two in the loading state. Progress states (list) The loading spinner sets expectations for the user on how much longer the upload will take to complete. Validation If a user selects a file that exceeds the specified size, an error message will appear above the selection/drop zone. Users can only select files in the required format, which prevents errors related to file format. If a file fails to upload because of connectivity issues, an error message will show below the asset container. For this use case, users can click a retry button to attempt the upload again. Cancel uploading files A user can cancel an ongoing file upload by clicking/tapping the button icon located in the corner of the asset container. Preview The file preview is displayed in a bottom sheet or light-box modal that can be accessed from either the main page or the overflow modal (if there are multiple assets). This preview allows for viewing details and an enlarged format for all media types. Single action If only a single action is available for an uploaded asset, such as delete, use an icon button for that specific feature. Additional actions If multiple actions are available for an uploaded asset, these options can be presented in a menu. This menu is accessible through an icon button. The delete action will remove the asset from the system. Select/drop zone width The width of the select/drop zone is responsive to the size of its parent container which varies per screen size. Gallery layout Gallery containers have a responsive height and width to maintain a square ratio and fit their grid layout. All containers should be displayed at the same size. The parent container size will determine the gallery container widths, within the boundaries of 120px minimum and 396px maximum. The responsive grid layout will allow asset containers to wrap to multiple rows as needed. Breakpoint 320 - 2 columns Breakpoint 512 - 4 columns Breakpoint 768 - 5 columns Breakpoint 1024 - 7 columns Breakpoint 1280 - 9 columns Breakpoint 1440 - 10 columns Grid columns The number of columns in the gallery view grid changes responsively based on the width of the parent container. The media container width will grow and shrink to fill the column space. Screen sizes Small On small screens, only two asset containers can be placed per row. If there are additional assets beyond the second row, they can be accommodated using the overflow property. After tapping the overflow, a panel will open that displays all the assets. Medium and large Depending on the width of the parent container, up to 6 asset containers may fit per row. If there are more assets, they will wrap to a second row. The 6th asset in the overflow utilizes the overflow property. After clicking the overflow, the additional assets are displayed in a modal. Best practices Description Do truncate the asset description if it extends beyond two rows; the user can read the full description in the file preview. Don’t show more than two lines of description text at a time. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Dec, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Bulk edit Next File upload: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/PATTERNS/FILE-UPLOAD #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/PATTERNS/BULK-EDIT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Bulk edit v1.0.0 Bulk edit is a pattern for actions that may be performed on multiple items within a table or list. Once the user selects at least one item or enters edit mode, the bulk action bar appears at the top of the section with options. Design Develop Accessibility Bulk edit v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Related Actions should relate to the content or task at hand. Lightweight Bulk edit is not a replacement for individual item editing, but rather an entry point for quick, easy actions. Quick Bulk edit makes completing functions or tasks easy and intuitive. Anatomy Selector and counter Actions Close Properties Selector The bulk action bar can include a selector element, but it is not mandatory if the base experience already has a default selector. The selector can also be a quick way to select or deselect all. Actions CTA buttons and Icon buttons can be used in the bulk edit bar. When using icon buttons, ensure that the action can be easily represented through an icon alone. Behavior Scroll The action bar remains fixed to the top of the page or section when scrolling while content scrolls beneath it. Counter When items are selected, the results counter will reflect the selections made. Menus Dropdowns and overflows can be used to provide more options for actions. Use menus to group similar action when needed. Screen sizes As the screen width decreases in a responsive layout, the bulk action buttons collapse into an "Actions" dropdown or overflow menu. Small native When bulk editing is initiated on native platforms, the interface transitions into a focused mode with a header takeover and the tray navigation hidden for a cleaner, more streamlined editing experience. Small web On small web screens, the filter bar is full-width. Medium and large native On medium and large native screens, the interface also transitions into a focused mode with a header takeover and the tray navigation hidden for a cleaner, more streamlined editing experience. Medium and large web On medium and large web screens, the bulk edit bar extends across the entire width of its content section, allowing it to display more actions by default. Best practices Button styles Do use the tertiary button style for actions. Don’t add other buttons styles to the bulk edit bar. Color Do use the appropriate semantic color for destructive actions. Don’t add semantic colors to non-destructive actions. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.0.0 Oct, 2023 Updated small screen scaling guidance 1.0.0 Dec, 2022 Added bulk edit pattern for single and multiple actions Added guidance and documentation for small, medium, and large screens Previous Patterns: Overview Next Bulk edit: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/PATTERNS/BULK-EDIT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/PATTERNS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Patterns overview Patterns are reusable solutions to common user problems. Patterns overview Bulk edit File upload Previous Components: Video player Next Bulk edit Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/PATTERNS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/VIDEO-PLAYER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Video player v2.0.0 The video player is used for displaying and controlling video content. Design Develop Motion Accessibility Video player v2.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Platforms Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Familiar The video player works as expected across all platforms. Performant The video player optimizes playback to run smoothly. Connection Video enables people to express themselves and their content on a deeper level. Anatomy Play trigger Scrim Playhead Play/pause Time elapsed Progress indicator Duration Closed captions Volume Report Expand/collapse Overflow Volume slider Close button Properties Media ratio The video player container has a ratio of 16:9. Media uploaded in other ratios is centered within the player. The supported media ratios are 16:9, 5:4, and 1:1. Orientation The orientation of the player can be landscape 16:9 or portrait 9:16. Landscape is the default. Autoplay A video can be set to autoplay on page load or when scrolled into view. When set to autoplay, the video is muted until the user chooses to unmute. Users can set their browser to block this behavior by default, so don’t rely solely on audio for important information. Leverage closed captions whenever possible. Behavior Inline For inline videos, a play button is always present over the video thumbnail when the video isn’t playing. The thumbnail updates to the last frame viewed when a user pauses the video. Lightbox The lightbox presentation is a modal view available on web. The lightbox launches from a trigger element and loads a video in the center of the screen above a scrim layer. Interaction with the content below is blocked until the video is closed. The lightbox can include carousel functionality to allow users to navigate to other media content without having to close the lightbox and open each element individually. Tooltips Hovering or focusing on an icon reveals a tooltip with the button label. Changing volume A volume slider appears when hovering or focusing on the volume icon. The icon’s appearance adjusts according to the volume level and has a slash when muted. Clicking or tapping the icon toggles between mute and the previous volume level. Platforms Native Native apps use the native video capabilities. iOS devices launch videos in full screen automatically when the video is played. Android devices play videos inline with an option to go full screen. Web Web videos can play inline or in a lightbox with an option to go full screen. Best practices Autoplay Videos must be muted with controls available if the autoplay property is used. Use surrounding content to reinforce the value of the video content. Never autoplay a video with audio, and don’t rely on autoplay to work. Most modern browsers automatically block autoplay if a video isn’t muted, and users can adjust settings to block autoplay properties completely. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.0 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.0.0 Jan, 2024 Updated visual style Updated icons Previous Toggle button group Next Video player: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/VIDEO-PLAYER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOGGLE-BUTTON-GROUP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Toggle button group v1.0.3 A toggle button group is a single and multi selection pattern that provides increased visual emphasis for the available choices. Design Develop Accessibility Toggle button group v1.0.3 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Friendly Toggle button groups are interactive and provide subtle delight to the experience. Quick They should be lightweight and easily digestible for the action at hand. Informative They should help make decisions easier to scan in order to take action. Anatomy Image Title Subtitle Border Container Properties Single select Single select allows the user to select one option from a set. Only one can be selected at a time. Multi-select Multi-select allows the user to select multiple options from a list or a single yes/no option. Title The title is required for every option. Keep titles short and concise. Aim for less than 20 characters. Subtitle The subtitle is optional. Use a subtitle to provide more context or details. Aim for 1-2 lines. Lead element The lead element is optional. It provides visual support for the available options. There are 2 options for lead elements: Icon and Image. Layout Toggle buttons can be presented in 3 variants: Minimal, List view, and Gallery view. Behavior Overflow Titles and subtitles wrap to another line when wider than the container. Keep titles and subtitles short to avoid overly tall buttons on smaller screens. Selection The selection state toggles on and off for both multi and single select option list styles. On selection the border color changes to “border.strong”, the border width increases, and the background color changes to “background.secondary”. State Toggle buttons use state layers for interaction states. The available states are enabled, hover, disabled, and focused. Learn more about the state layer color values in Color tokens . Size It is important to ensure you follow the sizing guide for each toggle button variant. The various styles and layouts adhere to different minimum and maximum sizing rules. Minimal The minimal layout has a minimum width of 72px and a maximum width is 342px. List view List view layouts have a minimum width of 224px and a maximum width of 342px. Gallery view Gallery layouts have a a minimum width of 168px and maximum width of 342px. Screen sizes Small Medium and large Best practices CTA buttons Do use the variant options provided within the component. Don’t add CTAs or additional buttons to the option list. Additional controls Keep content minimal and straight forward. Don’t add additional controls or selection indicators, such as checkbox, radio button, or checkmark. Content length Keep titles to a single line of copy when possible. Subtitles can have more content but should not exceed 3 lines of content. Avoid lengthy content. Keep your title and subtitle short and concise. Overflow The title can wrap to 2 lines for the title-only option. In general, keep your content brief and to the point. Don’t write overly detailed titles. If more room is needed consider using a different layout variant. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.3 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.0.3 May, 2023 Updated name to “Toggle button group” Added more guidance  for min. and max widths 1.0.2 Apr, 2023 Updated selected state stroke weight to 2px 1.0.1 Mar, 2023 Updated name to “selection group” Updated default state stroke color Added keyboard interaction 1.0.0 Jan, 2023 Added documentation and guidance Previous Tip: Tourtip Next Toggle button group: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOGGLE-BUTTON-GROUP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOURTIP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Tourtip v2.2.0 Tourtips explain or inform users of new features, experiences, and UI elements. Design Develop Accessibility Tourtip v2.2.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Pointer tip Leading graphic Title Body Dismiss button Container Button Properties Title (optional) The title succinctly describes the purpose of the tip. Use a title for more expressive messages and callouts. Body The body content is required. Use the body to explain the purpose of the tip. Keep content to 4 lines or fewer. For longer content, use a modal or a notice. Leading graphic (optional) The leading graphic is optional. Use a leading graphic to show a preview, a feature icon, and other related graphics. These graphics can be distracting if overused, so aim to use them infrequently. Dismiss button The dismiss button closes the tip. The dismiss button is required on web and is focusable. Button (optional) Tourtips can include interactive buttons. A button can allow users to learn more about a feature, navigate to the next tip in a series of tips, or act as an acknowledgement to dismiss the tip. Pointer arrow The pointer arrow points to the anchor element. The pointer can appear on any side of the tip and can flex freely along the side depending on the anchor element’s location. There’s a minimum margin of 16px from each corner. Preferred placement Tips can have a preferred placement beside, below, or above anchor elements. The default position is above and centered. The preferred placement will be overridden and adjusts according to the distance of the anchor element from the edge of the screen. For example, a tip will appear below and offset to the left of an element in the top-right of a top navigation bar. Presentation Tips can appear explicitly or implicitly. Dismiss behavior differs for each. Explicit triggers Explicit triggers are buttons that toggle a tip, like an info button. These tips remain visible until the user interacts with the trigger button again or the dismiss button within the tip. Implicit triggers Implicit triggers include actions like navigating to a page with a new feature or scrolling to an item eligible for a tip. These tips appear automatically and dismiss when interacting with page content, pressing the dismiss button, or navigating to a new page. Behavior Presentation Tips quickly animate in near their trigger element. If the tip is located out of view, the animation won’t be seen but the tip will remain visible until the user scrolls and dismisses it. The timing depends on the type of tip. Persistence Tourtips can persist until explicitly dismissed by the user or after the user interacts with other elements on the page. Dismissing Tips are dismissed via the dismiss button, an info button trigger, interacting with content on the page, or scrolling the page. Text overflow The title and body text wrap when they reach the width of the tip container. Screen sizes Small On compact screens, tips can float below the top navigation header, anchor to an element in view on load, or present further down a page. Medium On medium screens, tips anchor to an element in view on load or further down the page. Large On large screens, tips anchor to an element in view on load or further down the page. Best practices Frequency Only show a single tip at a time. Don’t present multiple tips at once. Scrolling Tips are dismissed when the page content is scrolled. Don’t anchor a tip or move it around to keep it visible on scroll. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.2.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Combined tourtip and infotip into “tourtip” 2.2.0 Oct, 2023 Updated defaults to show a single action and hide index 2.1.0 Jun, 2022 Updated button in footer to use button v2.0.0 Prepended parent component name to helper components 2.0.0 Apr, 2022 Increased size of title Decreased size of close icon Increased spacing between title and body Added index property Updated button styles Updated corner radius Added dark mode versions Added boolean property for footer 1.0.0 Jul, 2019 Initial release Previous Tooltip Next Tourtip: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOURTIP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOOLTIP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Tooltip v3.0.0 Tooltips disclose an element’s label when the label isn’t visible. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Tooltip v3.0.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Label Container Properties Label The label is usually populated automatically by the anchor element’s accessible label. Behavior Presentation Tooltips appear after a 2 second delay while hovering or focusing on an anchor element. They fade out 1 second after the anchor element loses hover or focus. Dismissing Tooltips automatically disappear 1 second after the element loses hover or focus, or when another element receives hover or focus that reveals a tooltip. Text overflow Tooltip labels should avoid wrapping where possible. When required, the label wraps to a new line when extending beyond the width of the container. Placement Tooltips appear to the side of the anchor element that has open space. The default position is below the anchor element. Screen sizes Small Tooltips appear on hover or focus on smaller screens or browser windows. They’re uncommon on native platforms. Medium On medium screens, tooltips appear on hover or focus. Large On large screens, tooltips appear on hover or focus. Best practices Multiple tips Do only show a single tip at a time. Don’t override tip behavior to show multiple at once. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 3.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 3.0.0 Feb, 2023 Separated tooltip logic from infotip logic 2.0.0 Apr, 2022 Updated fill to bg.elevated Updated size of pointer Added max width Previous Text link Next Tooltip: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOOLTIP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-LINK #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Text link v2.1.0 Text links are lightweight navigational elements. Links can appear within a paragraph, after a paragraph, standalone, or in a list of other links. They are underlined by default. Design Develop Accessibility Text link v2.1.0 On this page Considerations Usage guidelines Anatomy Behavior Platforms Best practices Change log Considerations Clear The link text makes it clear where it will take the user. Identifiable Links are familiar and easily identifiable amongst other content. Concise Link text is short. Aim for fewer than 5 words. Usage guidelines When to use Navigating within the app Navigating externally Navigating to an element on a page (anchor link) Email addresses and phone numbers When not to use Actions that manipulate data or how its displayed Actions that change state Anatomy Text Underline Behavior Inline Inline links appear within paragraphs and sentences. They always have an underline to differentiate between non-link content. Color Links should generally match the color of the content around it. Standalone links can use a secondary color within a list to avoid overwhelming the UI or a primary color for more emphasis. Size Text links inherit their size and styling from the content around them. State Text links use state layers for interaction states. The available states are enabled, hover, focused, visited, and disabled. Learn more about the state layer color values in Color tokens . Platforms Native Keep in mind that on native devices, it's common for an entire line of text to be tappable when it contains a link. This is particularly important if multiple links are close together, as it could lead to accidental taps. Best practices Content Use words that describe where the link leads and what content is expected. Don’t use ambiguous words like “click here” or “learn more”. They lack necessary context for screen reader users. Underline Always underline links within or right after paragraphs. Only remove the underline where the context is clear, like a list of links in a footer. Don’t remove the underline for links near other content. This can easily get lost and are inaccessible to low-sight users. Size Do use the same type size as the surrounding text. Don’t mix type sizes. Titles Use links in body copy or footnotes. Don’t use links for titles or headlines. Browser window Do open links in the same browser window. Don’t force links to open in a new window. This is a poor experience because it takes control away from the user and forces web-browsing behavior upon them. Change log Version Date Notes 2.1.0 Aug, 2024 Added state, native platform, and browser window guidance Updated to eBay Evo 2.1.0 Jan, 2023 Added visited state spec 2.0.0 Apr, 2022 Updated to use fg.primary by default Updated guidelines and examples Previous Table Next Text link: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-LINK #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TABLE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Table v1.0.0 Tables are used to organize and display data efficiently to provide users with insights and potential actions. Design Develop Accessibility Table v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Cell types Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Organized Tables are organized logically with clear hierarchy. Intuitive Tables are easy to use and behave as expected. Interactive Tables allow interaction and customization for greater control. Anatomy Title Filter bar Tool bar Table content Pagination Properties Selection Bulk actions are functions that may be performed on multiple items within a table. Once the user selects at least one row from the table, the batch action bar appears and replaces the filter bar with actions they can take. To close “bulk edit mode”, the user can cancel or deselect the items. Density Our tables are available in 3 different row sizes: Compact, Default, and Relaxed. All cells have a 16px left/right padding while the top/bottom have a minimum padding of 12px. Image For rows containing images or other media types, three sizes are available: Small, Medium, and Large. Order Column reordering is available to give users more control over their workflows and data sets. Cell types Simple Simple cells are structured to accommodate a lead, middle, and trailing slot for content. Numeric Numeric table cells showcase numbers like costs, percentages, and stats for easy comparison and insight. Field Text fields display as an enabled state to allow for quick edits. Dropdown Dropdowns allow users to make quick selections from multiple options. They should be easy to open, close, and interact with Content should be suited to user needs Items should be easy to scan Actions The action column is used to provide actions that may be performed on a specific table row. Approved button combos CTA Button CTA Button + Overflow Icon Button Icon Button + Overflow Status A status cell visually represents the state of a specific row, helping users quickly make informed decisions. Status cells can also be used to indicate row-specific alerts or notifications. Behavior Loading Loading should be unobtrusive and seamless—minimizing any jarring flashes or content shifts whenever possible. When tables are in a loading state, the content is replaced with a simplified skeleton loader that preserves context as the updated or new information loads. Sorting A sorted data table has three states: Unsorted, Sorted-up, and Sorted-down. The icon indicates the current sorted state and is only shown if sorting is available. Unsorted (Sort) Sorted-up (Sort-up) Sorted-down (Sort-down) Scrolling The table header is sticky on vertical scroll. If the table extends beyond the screen then the table will scroll horizontally. Tables have a max height of 90% of the viewport. Column width An adjusted column width indicator is presented in a focused editing mode that is visually similar to bulk editing, with explicit actions to save, reset, or cancel. Minimum and Maximum Columns have a minimum width of 124px and a maximum width of 400px, except for selection columns, which have a fixed width of 48px. Additionally, single icon action column types are set at a fixed width of 64px. Column order Column reordering is presented in a modal for a focused editing mode with explicit actions to save, reset, or cancel. Bulk editing When a user selects a checkbox from the table it enters the bulk action states with the bulk edit bar displaying on top of the table’s tool bar. Bulk actions are functions that may be performed on multiple items within a table. Pagination Pagination is provided for all tables with more than 60 rows, allowing for easy navigation through the content by limiting the maximum number of rows per page. Don’t use endless scrolling for tables, as it can hinder user experience and make it difficult to manage or act on large data sets effectively. Layer states Hover is applied at the table row and cell levels for inner cell elements such as forms, dropdown, or buttons. Table focus is handled at the cell level. A disabled state can be applied at a row or cell level. See Interaction States for more details on layer state styling. Screen sizes Small Medium Large Best practices Color Do use green to represent a positive trend for sales increasing or costs decreasing and red to represent a negative trend for sales decreasing or costs increasing. However, color cannot express this meaning alone. That is why we use the color in addition to an up or down arrow to represent this change. This provides contrast and conveys meaning for our color blind or low vision users. Don’t color cells as this is an issue for our color blind or low vision users. Color cannot express meaning alone. Null Do be descriptive when a field is empty or unknown. Don’t use “--” to represent null or unknown fields. Numeric alignment Do align numbers to the right for improved scannability. Don’t left align numeric values. Max content lines Do keep content concise and to 4 lines max within a cell. Don’t exceeed more then 4 lines of content in a given cell. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Renamed “data table” to “table” 1.0.0 Dec, 2022 Initial documentation Previous Tab Next Table: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TABLE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TAB #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Tab v2.2.0 Tabs organize and manage content within an interface, allowing users to navigate between different sections or views without leaving the current page. Design Develop Accessibility Tab v2.2.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Content Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Context preservation Tabs allow users to switch between sections without losing context on the page they’re on. Tabs only change the content below them. Flexible The number of tabs may vary depending on experience and context. Organizational Tabs can help divide content into more manageable and easier-to-digest sections. Anatomy Label Active indicator Properties Title All tabs must have a title. It should be brief and descriptive, using one or two words. Divider To create greater separation and prominence, a divider can be added along the bottom of a tab set. Behavior Scrolling Tabs extending beyond the screen are scrollable. The space between tabs can be adjusted to allow a glimpse of the content on the right. Number of tabs Tab sets must have at least two tabs. Aim for no more than 7 tabs where possible. Space between tabs Default spacing between tabs is 40px. However, the spacing will be adjusted automatically to ensure a peek on the right when tabs extend beyond the screen. States Tabs can be either active or inactive. When inactive, they have a hover state. Active state indicator lines span the width of their text. Content Labels Aim for fewer than 12 characters in tab labels, with a maximum length of 32 characters. Screen sizes Small Tabs are located beneath the header. If the content of the tabs exceeds the screen size, they can be scrolled left or right. Medium and large Tabs are typically placed at the top left in a contextual navigation bar located directly beneath the primary navigation. Best practices Nesting If required, use filtering for in-page content refinements. Don’t use tabs for additional content refinements. Label length Do keep tab labels short and concise. Avoid using long tab labels. Having fewer tabs will make them fit better on the screen and reduce the need for scrolling. Do follow the maximum character length for tab labels. Don’t exceed the 32 maximum character length. Labels should never wrap to two lines. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.2.0 Aug, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated mention of 32px between tabs to 40px throughout documentation 2.2.0 Feb, 2023 Added keyboard interaction specs 2.1.0 Jan, 2023 Updated showDivider property label to bottomDivider? Updated index values to start at 0 Added keyboard navigation guidelines 2.0.0 Apr, 2022 Width set to hug contents Distribution set to packed Selected state updated to use foreground.primary Hover state colors updated to foreground.primary and foreground.secondary for the line Included dark mode version Previous Snackbar Next Tab: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TAB #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SNACKBAR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Snackbar v2.0.0 Snackbars are temporary messages that provide immediate feedback about a user action. They communicate the success or failure of an action, with an optional button to revert a decision, correct a failure, or dismiss. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Snackbar v2.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Temporary Snackbars appear and disappear after a set amount of time. Brief Snackbars are short and concise. Responsive Snackbars provide feedback about the processing of a user action. Anatomy Container Body Action Properties Body The body of the snackbar is required and informs that something occurred. The message should be as concise as possible. Action Snackbars can contain a single action. The label should be a verb, contain no more than two words, and relate directly to the action that was taken. For default messages, this can be an undo, a link to a relevant list, or an explicit dismiss action. For error messages, the action can attempt to resubmit data or navigate the user somewhere to address the issue. Critical Snackbars use an attention icon to the left of the message when an issue occurs. Because snackbars are transient, it is advisable to use a different pattern like dialog for high-priority issues. Behavior Text overflow Snackbars with longer messages will wrap and the action will move below the text. This layout is also preferred if the action label is longer. Aim for no more than two lines of text for the body. Width Snackbars have a maximum width of 448px. They can span full width minus insets on small screens up to the maximum width. Placement Snackbars appear bottom center on all screen sizes. They can span full width minus insets on small screens but adhere to a maximum width at larger screen sizes. Snackbars animate upward from the bottom of the screen and downward off screen when dismissing. Offset Snackbars are offset 16px above persistent elements pinned to the bottom of the screen. If there are no persistent elements then the snackbar should be offset to clear any navigation hardware. They are inset 16px when fullwidth on smaller screens. FAB interaction While some platforms default to the snackbar above the floating action button (FAB), the preferred placement is below. Dismiss Snackbars can be dismissed by the action button, timing out, or via a downward swipe gesture. Timeout Snackbars appear from the bottom of the screen with a default timeout of 6 seconds (6000ms). The timing begins when the component loads into view and the message will dismiss automatically after the timeout if the user continues interacting with screen content. Users can dismiss a message anytime via a downward swipe gesture. Screen sizes Small Snackbars appear at the bottom center of the screen on small screens. Medium and large Snackbars are aligned bottom-center on larger screens. Best practices Consecutive messages Do replace existing snackbar messages with newer ones. Don’t allow multiple snackbars to appear at once. Snackbars do not stack. Placement Do keep snackbars centered along the bottom of the screen. Don’t customize the placement of snackbars. Content Do keep snackbar messages as short as possible, with no more than two lines in English, and use generic language for items. Avoid being overly verbose within snackbar messages. Being overly-specific can negatively affect localization and scalability. Snackbar vs. dialog Do use snackbars for messages or alerts that don’t need to completely interrupt an experience. Don’t use snackbars for high-impact decisions that require user attention or a response. Frequency Do use snackbars for targeted actions such as updating payment options, making changes to the cart, and reporting an item. Don’t use snackbars for quick, repetitive actions such as watching multiple items in a grid of options. Too many snackbars after each other are disruptive to the experience. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.0 Aug, 2024 Added “FAB” guidance under behaviors Updated to eBay Evo 2.0.0 Apr, 2022 Updated background to use bg.inverse for increased contrast Added property for button location below or beside content Added critical variant for low to mid-level errors 1.0.0 Feb, 2020 Initial component published Previous Signal Next Snackbar: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SNACKBAR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SIGNAL #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Signal v1.2.0 Signals are programmatic recommendations to help customers make more informed decisions. Design Develop Accessibility Signal v1.2.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Clear Signals use one or two words to clearly convey their meaning. Consistent Signals appear in familiar places throughout the experience. Trustworthy Clear, consistent, and infrequent use of signals helps build trust in their message. Anatomy Title Container Properties Title A title is required and should summarize the signal in one or two words. Only a select few terms are included in the default signal options. Color Signals use color in combination with titles to convey added meaning. Blue indicates trust, green signifies recency, and red represents time-sensitive or urgent information. Behavior Frequency Signals should highlight items to assist customers in making quick, informed decisions. Remember that the system automatically places items and badges. While we can't always predict how many signals will appear on a page or in close proximity, it's ideal to aim for a ratio of 1:5—one signal per five items when possible. Text overflow To enforce brevity, titles truncate if they extend beyond the width of the item tile container. Screen sizes Small The signal ratio can be adjusted according to the content density in view. Aim for one or two signals in view when possible. Medium and large Aim for the 1:5 ratio—one signal per five items on medium and large screens when possible. Best practices Placement Do keep the signal in a consistent location above the item’s title. Don’t relocate the signal, such as placing it under the price. This interferes with the hierarchy of the content. Frequency Do use signals sparingly to highlight certain products and help the user make a decision. Don’t overload results with signals. This could nullify their message and cause customers to ignore them. Interaction Use signals as straightforward visual elements designed to assist in decision-making. Don’t use a tip on a signal, as there’s no indication that an element of this type is intended for interaction. Styling Do use uppercase type for signal titles. Don’t alter the type casing of signal titles. Do follow the semantic color strategy for signals. Don’t update signals to new, unapproved colors. Do use the outlined signal design. Don’t fill signals or add effects. Do use a 100% corner radius on the container. Don’t alter the shape of the container. Content Do use the standard text strings that are readily available for signals. Don’t create your own text strings. If a new string is needed, please sign up for OneExperience office hours to share your use case. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.2.0 Aug, 2024 Expanded best practice examples Updated to eBay Evo 1.2.0 Jun, 2022 Removed dark mode as a property 1.1.0 Apr, 2022 Added dark mode version 1.0.0 Mar, 2020 Component published Previous Sheet: Panel Next Signal: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SIGNAL #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PANEL #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Panel v2.2.0 Panels present supplemental information and input methods directly related to the primary content. Design Develop Accessibility Panel v2.2.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Complimentary Panels directly support and enhance interaction with the primary content. Contextual Panels appear and disappear according to screen size and needs. They become a fullscreen overlay or spoke page on small screens. Flexible Panel content can include a variety of input elements and information. Anatomy Scrim Container Properties Container Panels can contain a variety of content, so the container is the only required element. A header is included with a title and close button. Scrim The scrim blocks interaction with the main page and is active by default. Use a scrim to focus on the task within the panel. The scrim can be turned off when interaction with the main page is needed, like navigating a map where the panel contains information about a selected location or when the Panel is acting as a reference for content on the main page. Behavior Presentation Panels slide in from the right and remain pinned to the right of the screen. Width The panel is a fixed width of 384px for screens above 384px width. The panel becomes a fullscreen overlay on screens smaller than 384px. Modality Panels can be modal or non-modal. Modal Panels present over a scrim that disables interaction with the base layer. Non-modal Panels omit the scrim and allow users to manipulate content on the base layer. Modal is the default presentation for Panels. Use a modal Panel when manipulating data that will update the base layer or when the content on the base layer is complex and distracting. Use a non-modal Panel for content that is purely referential and doesn’t update data. Modal panel Non-modal panel Dismissing Panels can be dismissed in various ways: Tapping the close button Tapping the primary action Swiping to the right (touchscreens) Tapping the scrim (modal-only) If the base layer updates asynchronously, any changes made in the panel will be preserved even after it is closed. If the updates need to be submitted before the base layer is updated, dismissing via the scrim, close button, or swipe gesture will cancel any actions taken within the panel. Screen sizes Small native Bottom sheets are only used on compact screens. They animate in from the bottom of the screen for ergonomic access to a selection. Small web Panels are full height inset dialogs aligned to the bottom of the screen on web. Medium and large screens Panels appear from and pin to the right side of the screen. They extend the full height of the parent window. Best practices Stacking Use one panel per experience. Avoid launching other modal elements within a panel. Presentation Panels are pinned to the right. Don’t move panels to the center or left side of the screen. Navigation Do keep navigation within a panel simple and shallow. Avoid deep navigation within a panel. Link to another browser tab or page if navigation is likely to go beyond 3 levels. Actions Do use actions that complete the primary task and close the panel. Secondary actions should support the completion of the primary task. Don’t use actions in the footer as a close affordance. In this case, omit the footer and rely on the persistent close affordance in the top right. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.2.0 Apr, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.2.0 Apr, 2024 Updated name to panel Updated header and footer to use shared panel components Added component swap property for body content Added footer boolean 2.1.0 Feb, 2023 Updated component parts to use component property features Consolidated component parts to remove redundancy Updated list option base component to include a leading and trailing icon Updated option list base component to use preset properties of updated list value component Updated panel header trailing button to use header action component part Replaced action property of panelHeader with trailing button? property Added nested instance property to panelHeader and primary bottom sheet component Updated headerAction textButton to use updated Standard Button component Added nested instance properties of updated component parts to main bottom sheet component 2.0.0 Jan, 2024 Updated panel title size Updated dismiss action to use button container Removed leading status icon variant Previous Bottom sheet Next Panel: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PANEL #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BOTTOM-SHEET #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Bottom sheet v3.0.0 Bottom sheets present supplemental content anchored to the bottom of the screen. Design Develop Accessibility Bottom sheet v3.0.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen size Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Scrim Container Drag handle Properties Container The container adjusts to fit their content up to an initial maximum height. They can be expanded by scrolling content within the sheet or pushing to a fullscreen sheet. Title A title is required for bottom sheets. The title appears at the top and should summarize a decision or information within the sheet. Header action The header can have an optional action to the right of the title. The action can be an icon or text action, with a close icon being the default on web and no action on native iOS and Android. Text actions should follow a verb + noun structure and describe what will occur when pressed. The close icon isn’t required on native, but a close icon will always be present if native accessibility options (like Android TalkBack) are enabled. Input sheet Input sheets are the most common and ask the user for input. These can be single-select or multi-select. Single-select A trailing header action is unnecessary when only a single option can be selected. The container dismisses automatically once a selection is made. Multi-select When multiple selections can be made, the sheet remains open until the user confirms the selection or dismisses it. Info sheet Info sheets provide supplemental information. They don’t require input from the user and they don’t submit data. Scrim The scrim blocks interaction with the main page and is active by default. Use the scrim to focus on the task within the sheet. The scrim can be turned off when interaction with the main page is needed, like navigating a map where the sheet contains information about a selected location. Behavior Expanding native sheet The vertical height of the sheet defaults up to 50% of the screen height to provide quick access to popular actions. When the content is scrolled, the sheet slides to full height and the content body scrolls when the height is reached. Small native sheet Large native sheet Expanding web sheet Web sheets behave the same way as native, but are inset on all sides. Small web sheet Large web sheet Height The height of the sheet can be smaller than 50% of the screen height if there are only a few options. The minimum height is 30% of the screen height. It’s acceptable to have white space below options if the minimum height has additional room below the sheet content. Content should open directly to a full modal overlay for long-form content or a large selection group with no apparent hierarchy of importance. 30% minimum height Full modal Device keyboards If a sheet has input fields, the sheet expands upward with the native keyboard as the field gains focus. The sheet moves back down when the keyboard is collapsed. iOS keyboard Android keyboard Modality Bottom sheets can be either modal or non-modal. The default is modal, so interactions with the main page are blocked by a scrim until the sheet is dismissed. Non-modal sheets omit the scrim and allow for interactions with the main page and the sheet content. This is common for experiences like navigating a map. A non-modal sheet allows for freedom of movement of the content below while also providing quick access to supplemental information. Modal bottom sheet Non-modal bottom sheet Dismissing Bottom sheets can be dismissed by: Selecting a single-select value Tapping a close action Swiping downwards Tapping outside of the sheet (modal only) Tapping a hardware back button Asynchronous updates are preferred as users make selections within a sheet. Since the selections are already being made, dismissing the sheet doesn’t reset anything. If asynchronous updates are unavailable or disabled, dismissing a bottom sheet via the scrim, drag gesture, or a close button cancels the decision and returns to the state before the sheet was triggered. Screen size Small iOS Sheets on iOS extend the full width of the screen. They open up to 50% of the screen’s height by default with the option to expand upward when scrolled. Use bottom sheets for long lists and richer content on iOS. For simple menus, use the native context menu instead. 50% of the height 100% of the height Small Android Sheets on Android extend the full width of the screen. They open up to 50% of the screen’s height by default with the option to expand upward when scrolled. Simple menus can use the native menu instead of a sheet. 50% of the height 100% of the height Small web Web uses bottom-aligned dialogs and popover menus instead of bottom sheets. 50% of the height 100% of the height Medium Bottom sheets update to side or center sheets on medium native screens. Large Bottom sheets update to side or center sheets on larger native screens. Best practices Stacking Do use a single bottom sheet per action. Don’t launch other modal elements, like other bottom sheets, from a bottom sheet. This quickly becomes inaccessible and disorienting. Use full screen modals instead. Navigation Do keep decisions within bottom sheets simple and straightforward. If a push to a new view is needed, the sheet expands to a large sheet for the new view. Don’t override sheet behavior to keep sheets small or dynamically adjust height between views. Priority Do use bottom sheets for low-to-medium-priority decisions and messages. Don’t use bottom sheets for high-priority decisions or messages. Use an alert dialog instead. Platform differences Do use the appropriate sheet for the platform. Don’t use native sheets on web. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 3.0.0 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 3.0.0 Feb, 2023 Updated component parts to use component property features Consolidated component parts to remove redundancy Updated list option base component to include a leading and trailing icon Updated option list base component to use preset properties of updated list value component Updated sheet header trailing button to use headerAction component part Replaced action property of sheetHeader with trailing button? property Added nested instance property to sheetHeader and primary bottom sheet component Updated headerAction textButton to use updated Standard Button component Added nested instance properties of updated component parts to main Bottom Sheet component 2.0.0 Jan, 2024 Updated sheet title size Updated dismiss action to use button container Removed leading status icon variant Previous Segmented button Next Bottom sheet: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BOTTOM-SHEET #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SEGMENTED-BUTTON #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Segmented button v1.0.0 Segmented buttons provide closely related choices that affect an object, state, or view. Design Develop Motion Accessibility Segmented button v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy When to use Properties Behavior Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Concise Segmented buttons help reduce cognitive load and keep things simple. Control Segmented buttons give quick control to swap choices, states, or views. Focus Segmented buttons give more affordance to available controls and actions. Anatomy Segment Icon (optional) Container Label text When to use Segmented buttons provide a compact way to display multiple mutually exclusive options. They can also be used to switch or sort views such as switching between a list view and a grid view. Segmented buttons affect section-level views and should not be considered a replacement for navigational tabs. Properties Segmented buttons can have two to four segments and may contain a text label, an icon, or both and come in two visual styles. Size There are 2 size options for segmented buttons: Small and Large. It’s generally recommended to choose the larger option, but the smaller alternative is available if needed. Label Labels should be short and succinct. If a label is too long to fit within its segment, consider using another component, such as a Dropdown or Quick filter . Icon Icons may be used alongside a label. The icon should always be obvious and clearly communicate the option it represents. Number of controls Segmented buttons can have two to four segments. If more options are needed consider using another component, such as Dropdown , Radio button , or Quick filter . Behavior Hover For elements with a container, a state-layer is added above the content. Each state increases the opacity by 4%. Dark mode uses white for the interaction layer instead of black. See Color tokens for more details. Filtering Segmented buttons can be used as section-level filters, such as changing the view from grid to list or a data set from day to week. Behavior Clear space Segmented buttons should have adequate margins from the edge of the viewport or frame. Adjust the inset as needed within the context of the page design. Size The minimum width for the segmented button is 215px and the maximum size is 720px. When possible, use the grid to help guide and find the right segmented button size for your design. Screen sizes Small Segmented buttons should have adequate margins from the edge of the viewport or frame. They span full width on small screens up to the page margins. Medium and large Best practices Navigation Do use tabs for navigation, they can be used as secondary or tertiary navigation. Don’t use segmented buttons for secondary or tertiary navigation. Short and simple Do keep labels short and concise. If a label is too long to fit within its segment, consider using another component, such as drop downs or quick filters. Don’t use long, multi-word labels. Active state Do keep icons consistent and unchanged when active and inactive. Don’t replace icons with checkmarks when selected. Consistent size Do keep button widths consistent across all segments. Don’t alter the width of individual buttons. No more than four Segmented buttons are best used for selecting between 2 to 4 choices. Don’t use more than 4 segments in a single segmented button. If you have more than 4 choices, consider using another component, such as tabs or quick filters. Specs Large segmented button Small segmented button Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.0.0 May, 2023 Added size options Updated guidance for icon option usage 1.0.0 Jan, 2023 Added documentation and guidance for when and how to use segmented buttons Previous Section header Next Segmented button: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SEGMENTED-BUTTON #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SECTION-HEADER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Section header v4.1.1 Section headers separate bodies of content to create hierarchy throughout the experience. They help drive focus and navigation. Design Develop Accessibility Section header v4.1.1 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Anchoring Section headers establish hierarchy and delineation between groups of content. Scannable Headers allow users to quickly scan content and identify where they’d like to focus. Succinct Headers are short and summarize the content they group. Anatomy Title Subtitle Trailing accessory Properties Title Being a header component, the title element is required. It should succinctly describe the content it is grouping. Subtitle A subtitle is optional. Use it to support the title in describing the content and its purpose. Trailing action A trailing action is optional. This can be a link to more results or an icon button. Overflow If there is more than one additional action, they will collapse into an overflow icon button. Behavior Text wrapping The title and subtitle will wrap to multiple lines when wider than the container. Aim for no more than 2 lines where possible. The trailing accessory will align differently depending on the type of accessory. Links will align to the baseline of the title or subtitle, and icon buttons will vertically center. Screen sizes Small The title and link text are smaller on small screens. The spacing below the title is also smaller. Medium and large Font sizes and bottom padding increase on larger screens. Best practices Length Keep section headers short. Aim for a single line and use subtitles to add more detail. Don’t let titles get too wordy. Simplify the title as much as possible, and add a 1-2 line subtitle if necessary. Link text Do use the default text link content. Don’t change the text link content. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.1.1 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 4.1.1 Oct, 2023 Fixed unintentional padding in base component 4.1.0 Aug, 2023 Added footer boolean property 4.0.0 Aug, 2022 Simplified structure by removing unnecessary base component Added new variants for an overflow icon button and a save action inline with the title 3.0.1 Jun, 2022 Prepended parent component name to base component 3.0.0 Apr, 2022 Updated navigation indicator from an arrow to a link button Updated title size Updated subtitle size Deprecated info button option Deprecated leading success icon option Deprecated overflow button option Previous Search bar Next Section header: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SECTION-HEADER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SEARCH-BAR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Search bar v2.1.0 The search bar allows users to search using text or imagery. Design Develop Accessibility Search bar v2.1.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Platforms Specs Change log Considerations Identifiable The search is quickly and easily identifiable throughout the UI. Helpful The search field allows users to search in various ways to ensure the result is as close to their needs as possible. Quick The search bar enables users to enter and find what they want as quickly as possible. Anatomy Container Leading icon Query Image search Clear entry Category dropdown Properties Image search The optional image search icon allows users to upload an image as a search query. The icon launches the native file upload window and initiates a search when the upload completes. Trailing icon A trailing icon can be added to a field that perform custom actions. The default icon is a heart to save a search query and associated filters. Category dropdown A category dropdown can appear on large screens to filter the query as a search is submitted. The dropdown uses the popover component to present a list of available categories. Behavior Leading icon The leading icon is a static search icon. This helps identify the field and its intended behavior. The leading icon is always visible. Clear A clear icon automatically appears on the right when there are 1 or more characters entered. It clears all characters within the field and hides until more characters are entered. Placeholder text The search field has placeholder text when empty and unfocused. The placeholder text disappears as the user begins typing into the field. The leading search icon remains as a visual label in place of the placeholder text. Platforms Native Native screens use the small version of the search bar. The category dropdown and border are removed. Web Web screens use the large version of the search bar. This version has the category dropdown and surrounding border. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.1.0 Sep, 2024 Added platforms section Updated to eBay Evo 2.1.0 Jan, 2023 Simplified state management by adding state layer component Added size property Fixed dimensions and flexing of enabled search entry field Cleaned up layer names 2.0.0 May, 2022 Updated to 2.0 to begin change tracking Updated behavior of leading search icon to remain visible at all times Updated spacing between element in the search entry field Previous Quick filter Next Search bar: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SEARCH-BAR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/QUICK-FILTER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Quick filter v3.1.0 Quick filter buttons make filtering or sorting data fast and easy. Design Develop Accessibility Quick filter v3.1.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Relevant The relationship between filter buttons and the content is direct and clear. Lightweight Quick filters don’t dominate or interrupt the hierarchy. They represent small bits of data at a time. Convenient Quick filters make things easier to sort or filter content within one or two taps. Anatomy Title Counter Chevron Properties Title A title is required for all filter buttons. The filter should represent the discrete value applied when selected or succinctly summarize the type of values contained in a dropdown filter. Width Quick filters have a maximum width of 256px and a minimum width of 2x its height. Discrete filter Quick filters that represent a single discrete value will immediately filter the list when selected. They can be unselected by interacting with the filter button again. Discrete filters are the default and preferred version because they only require a single interaction. Dropdown filter Quick filters can use a popover menu or bottom sheet to present a popular group of options. The filter can be multi-select or single-select. Single-select dropdown Dropdown filters that represent a radio group apply a value immediately after selecting it in the menu. The label is updated to represent the value selected. The filter can be reset by tapping a clear all action in the filter bar or selecting the default value within the menu. Multi-select dropdown Dropdown filters that represent a checkbox group have checkboxes next to each value label within the menu. Selecting values appends a counter to the label representing how many values are being applied. The data set should asynchronously update as each value is selected within a menu. If asynchronous updates aren’t possible, an apply button needs to be present to submit the selection. Behavior Counter A counter is appended to the label when multiple values are selected within multi-value dropdown filters. Selection The selection state toggles on and off for discrete filters. Dropdown filters stay in the selected state as long as at least one value is selected. Screen sizes Small Web Quick filters use the default popover to display menu options on web. Native Quick filters use the sheet to display menu options on native. Medium and large Best practices Label length Keep labels short. If the label is too long, see if the filter can be broken into smaller pieces or summarized more succinctly. Don’t override the height of quick filter buttons to allow label wrapping. Allow the label to be truncated if it cannot be reduced. The label can be revealed in a tooltip on hover or focus. Icons The discrete filter selected state toggles on and off. Don’t override the component to add additional icons. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 3.1.0 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 3.1.0 Apr, 2023 Updated 12px chevrons to use 12px artboards and updated specs 3.0.0 Feb, 2023 Updated enabled state to use border.default Update borderWidth of selected state Integrated state-layer component to handle interaction logic Dark mode toggle to be replaced by plugin tooling 2.1.0 Apr, 2022 Updated selected state style to have a bolder outline Updated hover state to use state-layers Previous Progress stepper Next Quick filter: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/QUICK-FILTER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PROGRESS-STEPPER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Progress stepper v4.0.1 Progress steppers are visual indicators of progression through a process or experience. Design Develop Accessibility Progress stepper v4.0.1 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Glanceable Progress steppers are immediately understandable at a glance. Minimal Progress steppers use minimal visual UI to allow for quick identification. Informative Progress steppers focus on key milestones. Anatomy Trailing line Icon Leading line Primary label Secondary label Properties Label All steps require a primary label. The label describes an important milestone within a process. An optional secondary label is available for additional information, like the date a step was completed. Title The title sits above the progress stepper and summarizes the latest update in a conversational tone. Horizontal orientation Use horizontal steppers when saving vertical space is important. They allow for scrolling if the content extends off screen, but we recommend avoiding this behavior where possible. Vertical orientation The vertical orientation is available when vertical space isn’t an issue. This is the preferred orientation on smaller screens with more steps. Incomplete state Steps that have not been completed use the incomplete state. Incomplete steps indicate what is expected to occur, and only changes state when completed or when an issue occurs. Latest state A checkmark and bold title means this was the most recent completed step and the following step is in process. This state doesn’t apply to the last step in the stepper. Completed state A checkmark and non-bold label means this step is complete and the process has moved on. The final step of the stepper enters this state by default when completed. Blocked state The outlined error icon indicates that a blocking issue has occurred and requires user attention before the process can continue. Errors should be paired with an alert banner or notice providing more information about what happened and how to resolve the issue, if possible. Behavior Errors When an error occurs, a section notice or alert banner should appear providing more information and context to the occurrence. If the issue can be resolved by the user, provide an action within the notice. If the issue is something out of the user’s control, provide as much detail as possible. Number of steps Steppers have a minimum of 3 steps. There are no maximums, but aim for as few as possible to avoid overwhelming the user. Focus on the key milestones within a process. Minimum height For vertical steppers, the minimum gap height between step icons is 24px. Minimum step width For horizontal steps, the minimum gap width between step icons is 104px. Maximum stepper width If there are enough steps, steppers will stretch to fill their parent container. Aim to keep steppers to a reasonable width according to the number of steps. Overly wide steppers can reduce the stepper’s readability. Scroll behavior The stepper component behaves similar to a carousel when the content extends beyond the screen. The latest step is scrolled into view by default. Label overflow Longer labels wrap to a new line when wider than the step’s width. Keep titles and secondary labels to fewer than 25 characters to avoid overly tall stepper heights. Best practices Content Use a minimum of 3 steps and keep each step concise. Don’t use redundant steps like “in-transit,” “processing,” or “completed”. The lines and checkmarks imply those states. Labels Keep all steps past tense. Don’t use present tense for a step that has been or has yet to be completed. Number of steps Progress steppers should have a minimum of 3 steps. Don’t use progress steppers if there are only 1 or 2 steps. Explore using titles and body content or another pattern altogether. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.1 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 4.0.1 Apr, 2023 Fixed bug where changing properties of a horizontal step changes all other steps to match 4.0.0 Jul, 2022 Consolidated “Issue” and “Error” states into one “blocked” state Simplified states to be incomplete, complete, and blocked 3.3.0 May, 2022 Updated “current” state indicator to have a dot 3.2.0 Apr, 2022 Updated label styles Fixed flexing of stepper component Previous Popover Next Progress stepper: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PROGRESS-STEPPER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/POPOVER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Popover v1.0.0 Popovers are non-modal transient containers that appear above other content. They disclose lists of choices or supplemental information. Design Develop Accessibility Popover v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Contextual Popovers directly relate to its trigger element, which is usually a button. Progressive Popovers progressively disclose additional choices or information. Flexible Popovers can contain a variety of content of varying complexity. Anatomy Header Body Footer Container Properties Header The header is optional for popovers without navigation. The header appears by default in child views and contains a title and back button. The title maintains the context of the previous view. Body The popover body contains the primary content. Common body content includes radio button groups, checkbox groups, and option lists. Footer The footer is optional and usually includes a button to take action on a list. Use the footer when there are multiple decisions within the popover that need to be explicitly submitted. The button submits the value(s) and closes the popover. Tip A tip is available to create a stronger relationship between the trigger element and the popover. A tip is recommended when the trigger element may be ambiguous or unclear due to surrounding content. Behavior Presentation Popovers appear after interacting with another UI element, typically a button. Dismissal Popovers can be dismissed by: Interacting with the button that presented it again Making a decision within the popover Interacting with other page content The ESC key Scrolling Scrolling is enabled whenever content extends beyond the popover container. Screen sizes Small Popover menus transition to bottom sheets on small screens. However, iOS can use the native context menu for short action lists where appropriate. Bottom sheet iOS context menu Medium and large Medium and large screens use popovers for menus, filters, and other views. Best practices Amount Do show one popover at a time. Always close an open popover before opening a new one. Don’t stack popovers or show multiple popovers on the screen at once. Pressed Do ensure popovers are explicitly invoked by pressing or selecting a button. Don’t launch a popover on hover. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.0.0 Mar, 2023 Initial release Previous Pagination Next Popover: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/POPOVER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PAGINATION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Pagination v2.1.0 Pagination breaks large data sets into multiple pages for easier consumption. Controls are included to navigate between pages and manage how much content is shown at once. This is primarily an HTML pattern. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Pagination v2.1.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Platforms Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Consumable Pagination breaks up large, overwhelming amounts of data into consumable chunks. Simple Interactions are quick and easy within a tap or two. Distinct Pagination provides a clear distinction of the current page within a data set. Anatomy Back Navigation Page number Overflow menu Active page indicator Forward Navigation Properties Visible slots There is an absolute maximum of 7 visible slots available, including the overflow element if pages are truncated. On smaller screens, more pages will be truncated as the screen width decreases. When pages are truncated, the minimum is 5 slots visible. Avoid showing pagination if only 1 page exists. Leading overflow The leading overflow appears when there are at least 2 pages between the last page and the page before the overflow. Trailing overflow The trailing overflow appears when navigating within the last 4 pages and will contain a minimum of 2 pages. Leading and trailing overflow Both the leading and trailing overflow appear when there are at least 3 pages ahead and behind the active page, excluding the first and last page. Inline select menu If space permits, it is recommended to pair pagination with a dropdown controlling the results per page. Behavior Overflow interaction Interacting with the overflow element reveals a popover menu. Platforms Native We recommend avoiding pagination on small screens and native applications. Use an infinite scroll pattern instead to allow users to load content on demand. Web Use pagination where infinite scroll or load more patterns aren’t appropriate. Best practices Single page Do use pagination when there are more than 20 items. Don’t show pagination if all items are visible on one page. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.1.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.1.0 Jan, 2023 Simplified parts by linking to updated icon buttons Added keyboard navigation guidance 2.0.0 Apr, 2022 Updated left-right arrows to use icon button container Updated button states to use state-layers Updated styles of page states to use opacity Updated component to use appropriate color style tokens Previous Media container Next Pagination: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PAGINATION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/MEDIA-CONTAINER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Media container 2.2.0 The media container displays a variety of visual content. Design Develop Accessibility Media container 2.2.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Discernible Media content will draw more attention than other elements within the UI. Common The container is familiar no matter the context or size. Unobtrusive The image container is a simple container for rich visual content. The container itself doesn’t distract from the content. Anatomy Scrim Media Matte Properties The media container supports both still and animated graphics, including images, videos, GIFs, 3D assets, and Rive animations. There are 4 container ratios available, a 1:1, 2:3, 4:5, and 16:9. Certain contexts may force one ratio. Other contexts, like a masonry grid, can use the best ratio available for the content. Orientation The container can be in a portrait or landscape orientation. The orientation depends on the content and its context. Some contexts may force a ratio and orientation. Others, like a masonry grid, may allow for the best orientation for the content. Fill type The container can either fill or fit its content. Fill is the default. Auto-fill The media content can be set to automatically fill the container if the source media has a ratio close to the container’s. The default tolerance is 75% of the container. Disabled Images used in interactive contexts can be disabled until prerequisites are met. Disabled images are desaturated and the opacity is lowered to reduce its contrast against enabled content. Scrim A light radial scrim is applied over images by default to define a consistent shape. The radial gradient leaves a percentage of the center clear to avoid altering key details of the image. The scrim can be toggled off and is generally not used for assets other than photography and video. Behavior Border radius The border radius adjusts according to the size of the container. The radius is 16px for images 80x80 and larger. Containers smaller than 80x80 use 8px. Dark mode The image scrim remains the same across light and dark mode. However, the matte behind the image adjusts between modes to maintain the container shape when images are set to fit. Best practices Ratio Do use one of the 4 ratios available. Don’t use arbitrary ratios. This will introduce inconsistency and result in visually distracting layouts. Fill type Do choose to fill the content whenever possible. Only fit content with extreme or unusual dimensions. Don’t fit the content if it can fill without losing detail. Don’t fill the content if it has an unusual ratio as this will crop important details. Scrim Do keep the scrim to maintain a consistent shape across item tiles in a collection. Don’t override the scrim to adjust its opacity, as this will create visual inconsistency between media. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.2.0 Aug, 2024 Updated auto-fill guidance Updated to eBay Evo 2.2.0 Aug, 2023 Applied a radial treatment to the scrim overlay 2.1.0 Jun, 2023 Updated scrim overlay value 2.0.0 Nov, 2022 Updated corner radius rules Added property for ratio and orientation Added experimental 2:3 ratio Fixed cutoff in 4:5 components Previous Loading: Skeleton loader Next Media container: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/MEDIA-CONTAINER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING-SKELETON #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Skeleton loader v1.0.0 A skeleton is a graphical placeholder, reserving physical space in the page for content in cases where a service or action may be slow to resolve. A skeleton can be considered as an alternative to the progress spinner in many situations. Design Develop Motion Accessibility Skeleton loader v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS) Usage guidance Properties Building skeletons Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Lightweight Skeleton states are simple tools that portray that content is still being loaded—helping reduce user uncertainty. Structured Skeletons provide visual hierarchy and suggest the content they are meant to represent whenever possible. Quick Skeletons should only appear for a few seconds when needed and disappear when content populates a page. Anatomy Skeletons are built using shapes as the base layer and stacked with a shimmer gradient to create the loading effect on native screens. Please note the shimmer is omitted on larger web screens. Shape Shimmer Cumulative Layout Shift (CLS) It is the developer's responsibility to ensure the CLS metric of a page is not negatively impacted by the introduction of a skeleton placeholder; a poor CLS score will occur whenever content shifts unexpectedly . Unexpected movement of page content usually happens because resources are loaded asynchronously or DOM elements get dynamically added to the page above existing content. Skeletons can help mask these problems if they reserve the correct amount of physical space, but can compound the problem when they do not. View helpful skeleton examples in the Skin library . Usage guidance When to use Skeleton loaders on initial page render should be used as a last resort and not built as an integral part of the design If UI elements need to be loaded If visual layout/format of the content being loaded is mostly known ahead of time to reduce the probability of layout shift If the majority of the page will be taking time to load When to consider something else If the visual layout/format of the content being loaded is unknown If you need to indicate processing or that a change will occur on the page If content can be pre-loaded or optimized in another way, don’t default to skeleton loaders because they’re easy to leverage Properties Shape Skeleton loading experiences are built using simple shapes found within our common components. Radius The radii across shapes vary depending on the component: Images are 8 or 16px and follow our image sizing guidance Text blocks are 4px Buttons are fully rounded Forms are 8px Full-width images bleed on all edges and have no radius Default color Skeletons work across both light and dark modes. Learn more about the available Loading color tokens . On Secondary color Skeletons also work on our background secondary color. Generative AI color Colored gradient skeletons are used when introducing AI features and generated content. Learn more about how we treat generative AI in the Generative AI foundation . These colored gradients are only to be used for generative AI content. Building skeletons Skeletons are structural elements that represent the visual hierarchy of a page. They should be used as simplified placeholders for content versus 1:1 replacements to create simple loading experiences. Introduction Keep in mind that a full page skeleton may not be required or used on page load. In most cases titles, imagery, and other content is able to be pre-loaded. Skeletons should only be used for content that is not yet ready. Don’t force a skeleton when it isn’t needed or if it will make the loading experience uncomfortable. Example To visually portray how skeletons will look on a page, here is an example of an overarching hierarchy of content. Notice the common components in use such as images, text groups, buttons, and forms that build the overall structure. Detailed elements like program badges, smaller lines of text and icons should not be represented by skeletons. To view a variety of skeleton examples on web, visit the Skin library . Overview Skeleton Best practices Styling Do use skeletons in gray when not representing generative AI. Generative AI uses approved color gradients . Don’t manually change skeletons to arbitrary colors. Do use the radius found within the components. Don’t adjust the radius of the skeleton components. Do use available skeleton components. Don’t turn other elements like icons into skeletons or make your own skeleton components. Construction Do use skeleton layouts that are simplified and hint at the visual hierarchy of a page. Don’t replace elements 1:1 on a page as a skeleton layout. Complex skeletons can be distracting and provide a poor experience. Do use skeletons for elements inside a modal if needed. Don’t represent a modal as a skeleton state. Do use skeletons for common components like images, text, avatars, buttons and forms. Don’t use skeletons for tool tips, alert notices, snackbars, or navigation buttons. Behavior Do use skeleton loading by itself. Don’t combine skeleton loading with other loading types. Do animate shimmer effects in the same direction at the same time. Video description: A shimmer animation on a skeleton loader timed correctly in the same direction. Don’t offset skeleton shimmer animations. Video description: A shimmer animation on a skeleton loader animating at different times and at different directions. Do use the shimmer animation on native screens. Don’t use the shimmer animation on larger html screens unless the load is taking longer than 2.5 seconds. Specs Item tile Type Type block Form, button, and avatar Change log Version Date Notes 1.1.0 Nov, 2024 Updated overall guidance Updated to eBay Evo 1.1.0 Sep, 2023 Added “default/40px” button to the skeleton button component 1.0.0 Mar, 2023 Skeleton loader documentation created Previous Expressive loader Next Skeleton loader: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING-SKELETON #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/GENERATIVE-AI #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Generative AI overview We use AI to superpower the user experience, so we can celebrate—not replace—the human experience on eBay. This framework is rooted in our eBay Responsible AI principles, and it aims to ground our design thinking in honoring and preserving the community we’ve built, while embracing AI in responsible and transparent ways. Generative AI overview On this page Considerations Look and feel Disclosing GAI Voice and tone Components Platforms Best practices Office hours Resources Change log Considerations Extend human capabilities We use AI as a tool to build enhanced experiences that proactively anticipate someone’s goals in personalized and meaningful ways. Empower human agency We give people control over their AI-powered experiences through transparency and awareness. Ensure accessibility We design AI-powered experiences that can be used and understood by a diverse group of people of all abilities. Champion inclusivity We mitigate prejudice and bias when using GAI to create new images, videos, or texts with a human in the loop. Uphold accuracy We confront the uncanny valley and spread of inaccurate information when using GAI through analysis, testing, and planning. Iterate responsibly We engage in a system of checks and balances with our XFN partners, so we can move fast and fix things. Look and feel Color One of our tenets is to be transparent and obvious when AI is being used. Color is an important device we use to inform users that AI is at play. We employ the full color gamut as it represents the diversity of our marketplace and the flexibility in which AI can be used. However, not all of the colors need to be used at once and depending on the context, color can be full opacity or less, temporal or consistent, subtle or strong. Subtle gradients We use subtle color gradients comprised of two neighboring colors in the spectrum for backgrounds when introducing AI features and in skeleton loading states while loading AI generated content. We alternate which color to use as loading states throughout a page or flow. We do not use static or persistent gradients in anything except the spectrum icon and images. Strong gradients We use strong color gradient outlines when introducing prompts. Each prompt introduces itself in a new gradient color and fades to border default in the rest state. We only use color gradients as transitions on shapes, never as persistent color and never on typography. Icon The icon is another visual device we use to convey that AI is being used to power features in our product. There are three sizes of both variants—filled and outlined. The filled icon should be used primarily, except in cases where the AI icon appears next to other outlined icons. The outlined version has the addition of a “thin” style for explicit use in category pills that also use this style. Filled Outlined Filled icon Use the filled icon in full spectrum color to indicate that a message or feature is powered by AI. For messages from eBay or buttons that take users to an AI powered experience, the disclaimer tag is not required. However, when generated content is displayed, the icon alone is not enough. We must be more explicit in these cases and use a disclaimer along with the icon. Outlined icons When AI is an option in a list, such as in menus or quick filters, use the outlined version for consistency with the surrounding icons. The “16 thin” version should only be used in category pills like those at the top of the homepage. Using icons The icon paired with an explicit label like “Generated with eBay.ai” makes it clear to our users what content has been generated or curated by GAI when we have high confidence in the content and there is low risk to eBay. However, in adjacent UI elements, the text-and-icon badging only needs to appear once. For example, when a button leads to an AI-powered feature in the same module, and the module already indicates the presence of AI in text, the icon alone in the button is sufficient. We also use text-only disclaimers when we have low confidence and there is high risk to eBay. Learn more in the Disclosing GAI section below. Radius Buttons Buttons and avatars are fully round. Images Toggle buttons and images have a 16px radius. Chat Prompts and chat bubbles have 3 rounded corners and one squared corner. Disclosing GAI In order to maintain transparency and mitigate mistakes caused by Gen AI, we are intentional about how and when we disclose it to our customers. Our confidence in the content generated and the risk it may create for eBay will determine the type of disclosure we use, as well as its placement and prominence. Most experiences will have one disclosure but some may have both. Labels Labels are used when we have high confidence in the generated content and there is low risk for eBay - they allow us to take credit for the AI being used well on our platform. Labels utilize the full spectrum icon paired with pre-defined text strings that consistently express how generative AI is at work on our platform. These include and are limited to: Generated with eBay.ai, Curated with eBay.ai, and Set by eBay.ai. Generated The string “Generated with eBay.ai” is used when text is generated by AI. Curated The string “Curated with eBay.ai” is used when gen AI curates a set of items . Set The string “Set by eBay.ai” is used when gen AI sets an ad campaign rate. Disclaimers Disclaimers are used when we have medium/low confidence in  generated content and the risk is higher. Disclaimers are generally a single string of legalese used to explain to our customers that the generated content may be inaccurate and to relieve eBay from some of the risk. Disclaimers should be tailored to each use case and written by legal. Make sure to consult with your content and legal partners when creating them. Voice and tone Our eBay voice is the personification of our brand, and AI-generated content follows our voice and tone guidelines. Consistency and cohesion build trust and comprehension, so whether you’re reading something written by a person or AI, it should sound the same. We use other signals to disclose when we're surfacing AI-generated content. And, as always, the tone should modulate to meet the situation. Decibel levels When branding AI moments, we have multiple levels of volume available. For louder moments, we recommend using animation, bolder colors, and badging with both icon and text. For softer moments, use just the icon and a temporary background gradient to introduce the module. And for more tactical moments, a simple string of text can tell users all they need to know. Components Education modules Education modules provide users a short description of a feature with a visual connection to the icon. They can use an icon with background gradient or a single icon. Assistant modules Assistant modules offer guidance and ingresses into AI generated features. They utilize the full spectrum filled icon to denote they are powered by AI and prompts to help customers narrow down their search and initiate chat experiences. Feedback Giving feedback is a very important aspect of using AI. We should (and in some cases may be required to) give our users a way to tell us if AI generated content is inaccurate, irrelevant, or offensive. We do this by using either a text link or an overflow menu, depending on the context. Use a text link when being explicit is important and an overflow menu when other actions are required. Text next to the thumbs up and down icons should always be clear and descriptive, and can change based on context (i.e. “Helpful” vs “Not helpful” or “Accurate” vs. “Not accurate”). Navigation Access to the AI chat interface will be accessible in several areas and is contextual based on where the user is in the flow. On the homepage, the sub nav will provide an ingress. On other pages, like VI, the ingress can be found in the overflow menu. Further ingresses may be found throughout the product in-page in AI specific modules. Pre-loaded generated content We use the same gradient background to introduce pre-loaded generated content. This gives a subtle, temporary, visual indicator that it was powered by AI along with an explicit tagline. Loading generated content For AI generated content that may take longer to load, we use our current Evo skeleton loading framework with the addition of color gradients to lightly call more attention to the area and signal that it’s powered by AI. We also badge AI generated content with the full-spectrum filled icon and explicit text to ensure users understand it’s powered by AI. Real-time content generation In instances where AI is generating content in real-time, we use a type-on animation where each word is written out one by one to ease wait times and mimic how content is actually being generated. Platforms Best practices Color Use gradients in spectrum icon, prompts, and skeleton loaders paired with neutral text. Don’t use gradients on typography. Badging Only use 1 sparkle icon per module. Don’t use multiple sparkle icons in a single module. Feedback Give clear context as to what the up and down thumbs mean. Don’t show the up and down thumbs without any context. Office hours The technology that powers eBay.ai is moving extremely fast with new legislation being introduced to protect consumers just as quickly. Please sign up for office hours early in your design process and again prior to launch to ensure your experience meets current OX, RAI, CoreAI, and legal guidelines. If you think your project requires a more hands-on collaboration, contact OneExperience (OX) team. Resources Generative AI motion Learn how to bring eBay's generative AI framework to life with our motion language. OX Design System office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Design System team. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Added resource section Mar, 2024 Updated name to “eBay.ai” to reflect the recent trademark Updated label content, added 2 new variants, and added a section called “Disclosing GAI” to explain when to use each Updated content strings in examples to align to current guidelines Added a don’t for gradients on typography Nov, 2023 Removed gradient stroked icons and black filled AI icons Sep, 2023 Moved motion specs and examples to new paged dedicated to AI motion Updated color gradients for light mode and added dark mode values for all gradients Gradients are now opaque and referred to as “strong” and “subtle” Updated language in color section to match updated color variables Added resource row for AI skeleton loading Added resource row for AI spectrum icon highlight Sep, 2023 Adds subtle gradient and solid colors Rename seed colors to “strong” Aug, 2023 Updates “powered by ebay.ai” to “powered by AI” and adjusted other copy with “AI” as needed Aug, 2023 Adds v1.0 of playbook page and component stickersheet Previous Interaction: Interaction states Next Motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/GENERATIVE-AI #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING-EXPRESSIVE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Expressive loader v1.0.0 Leveraging a branded expression, the expressive loader provides reassurance, guidance, and delight. The expressive loader is used as an alternative to the progress spinner, especially for longer loading times. Skin Marko React Design Develop Motion Accessibility Expressive loader v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Considerations Properties Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Expressive The expressive loader provides a branded experience, replacing traditional spinners to create a sense of faster loading during longer wait times. Reassuring To provide reassurance, the expressive loader uses support text to indicate that actions taken by users are being processed. Quick To portray responsive and quicker loads, the expressive loader's design utilizes visual momentum to indicate progression across page loading and user actions. Anatomy Support text Bars Considerations When to use When navigating to a page where the visual design is mostly unknown ahead of time and a skeleton loader can’t be leveraged For periods of longer loading where the user needs reassurance When a user action is being processed and it is expected to perform multiple calls to load When to consider something else If the visual layout/format of the content being loaded is mostly known, a skeleton loader would be the better option If content can be pre-loaded or optimized in another way, don’t default to the expressive loader because it is easier to implement Properties Bars only The default expressive loader is the bars only variation. It is primarily used as a replacement for the traditional spinner, in order to help conceal loading speeds and make the experience feel visually faster. Bars with large text The bars with large text variation is utilized when support text is required to better inform users during longer loading periods. Common situations in which they are used include navigating to a page that is not fully known beforehand, loading a large set of data, or completing a purchase. Bars with small text Common actions, such as adding items to the cart, may use the variation with small text within bottom sheets if additional load time is required. Due to its smaller visual footprint, this variation is only used in bottom sheets. Text should appear at the beginning of the animation since this loader is launched by a specific user action. Behavior Color Expressive loaders work across both light and dark modes. Minimum and maximum width Expressive loaders have a minimum width of 288px and maximum width of 343px across both native and web applications. The minimum size reflects our smallest supported breakpoint of 320px. The maximum size should be used across all other sizes including large screens. These widths are for the color bars only and do not account for the left and right padding. Best practices Support text Do keep support text short and direct. Avoid using text phrases that extend past the bars. Do use the bars only version for quicker loading durations. Don’t use support text when loading is expected to be faster. The exception is when using the loader in the bottom sheet for actions like “Adding item to cart”. Video description: An expressive loader with support text is shown for a short duration and cut off when navigating the eBay app. Do aim for a single line of support text. Avoid long phrases when possible. Translated content can naturally become longer and is able to wrap across two lines when needed. Styling Do use the standard sizes of the expressive loader on desktop. Don’t extend the loading bars to the width of the screen on desktop or increase the size of the loader or text. Specs Bars only Bars with large text Bars with small text Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Nov, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.0.0 Oct, 2023 Updated to use variables to automate dark mode transition 1.0.0 Mar, 2023 Expressive loader documentation created Previous Loading: Overview Next Loading expressive: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A bars only expressive loader is quickly shown when navigating the eBay app.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING-EXPRESSIVE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Loading overview Our loading framework assures customers that their request is in progress and can create the illusion of shorter load times across the experience—improving satisfaction. Loading overview On this page Tenets Framework Invisible Lightweight Expressive Change log Tenets Invisible Low to no visible latency through use of transitions to mask load times. The most effective loading state is one that appears invisible to the user by displaying relevant information quickly and avoiding transitions for content that is available. Lightweight Implied speed and performance through lightweight skeleton loading and OS-specific loading indicators. Loading should feel refined and serve as a means to enhance the user's experience and communicate with them effectively. Choreographed Masked loading times through choreographed motion sequences. Choreography refers to timed elements consisting of type, shape, opacity, and translation working together to deliver a reassuring experience. Framework Invisible Invisible uses simple transitions and smart caching to mask loading times. Selling Whenever possible, use page caching and other development tools to load content as quickly as possible. Here the page is already preloaded and readily available—reducing the need for loading. Lightweight While we aim for the fastest experience, some latency is inevitable during server requests. In these cases, we focus on Skeleton loaders and OS-specific indicators. Search Results Page Skeleton loaders are used to load content for pages where the overall layout is mostly known ahead of time. Skeletons provide the best experience when they mimic the final content as closely as possible. Piecemeal and/or generic skeletons should be used sparingly. Skeletons are commonly used on pages with consistent grids and components like Search, Home, and View Item. Expressive Our expressive loader is used to inform users during longer-than-normal wait times and as a branded element when needed. Checkout Loading can take longer during final purchase as the system wraps up before confirmation. The expressive loader has an option to offer states of disclosure through messaging to communicate progress to the user. Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Oct, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.0.0 Mar, 2023 Initial release Previous Item tile Next Expressive loader Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A search for ‘Mid century couch’ on the eBay app displays a skeleton loader before displaying results. Video description: A skeleton loader animation is shown with a shimmer flowing through the skeleton. Video description: eBay’s four core colors animate through a loading bar, with support text cycling through above. Video description: An order is confirmed on the eBay app, displaying the expressive loader communicating progress. An order summary screen is shown once the animation is complete. Video description: A lightmode card swipes right to reveal a darkmode card, which then swipes right to reveal a lightmode card, repeating the animation. Video description: The homepage on the eBay mobile app is instantly switched to the selling tab on the eBay mobile app.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-FIELD #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Text field v4.0.0 Text fields let users enter and submit text. Design Develop Accessibility Text field v4.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Specs Change log Considerations Performant Forms allow users to complete fields effortlessly. Accessible Anyone, no matter their abilities, can complete forms. Dynamic Forms provide dynamic feedback so users can correct errors quickly and confidently. Anatomy Label Lead icon Helper text Prefix Value Container Suffix Trailing icon Properties Label A label is required for text fields and succinctly describes the field’s purpose. A label is included for all fields by default. If another text element is acting as the label, like a section title, then the label can be visually hidden. Layout There are two layouts available for texty fields, stacked and floating. Stacked labels are above the field and floating labels are inside the field. A floating label animates upward on focus to make room for the value. Required/optional fields Use an asterisk to indicate a field is required. Display the word “optional” in parentheses next to the field label is the field isn’t required. If most fields are required, only indicate the optional fields. If most fields are optional, only indicate the required fields. Placeholder content Placeholder text is optional and remains visible until one or more characters are entered. Because the placeholder text disappears, putting instructions or requirements as placeholder text is not accessible. Helper text is the preferred method to convey this information. Helper text Helper text is placed below the field and informs the user of any requirements or disclaimers. Helper text can be shown persistently or on focus. Helper text will be replaced with an error message if an error occurs. Character count A character counter will appear when there is a limit on the number of characters. The counter updates in real-time as the characters are added or removed. Size There is a small and large size available for text fields. The default is large and is recommended for smaller screens. Avoid mixing different sizes in a form. Prefix Static text or symbols can be prepended to the input. The prefix clarifies the expected input and removes the need for users to manually enter them. These are useful for values like currency. Suffix Static text or symbols can be appended to the input. The suffix, or postfix, clarifies the expected input and removes the need for users to manually enter them. These are useful for entering values like dimensions and weight or currencies that use trailing symbols. Behavior Input formatting Input formatting clarifies expectations and formats the input to be easier to read. Slashes, dashes, and spaces are automatically added to the input as the user enters characters. Overflow Text field values overflow left and right. While focused, the content will shift to keep the cursor in view as the user enters characters. When the field loses focus, the content will scroll to the beginning. Focusing on the field again returns the user to the end of the content. Generally, text fields should avoid overflow. Use a Text area field if the value of a field is expected to be longer than a short sentence. Active The active state is triggered whenever the user interacts with the field. While active, the background color is removed and the border becomes strong. Error messages When a field fails validation, the helper text produces an error message to help the user successfully fulfill the input requirements. Error messages are concise and direct, and replace any previously visible helper text. An error icon is prepended to the helper text to enhance discoverability. Read-only Users cannot focus on or change read-only fields. Their input is derived from other parts of the UI and is intended to be viewable for reference. The input is submitted with the form. Disabled Users cannot focus on or change disabled fields. Their availability depends on certain requirements. No value will be submitted from disabled fields. Clearing input The clear button appears by default as a trailing icon while the field is focused and has one or more characters entered. Screen sizes Small Text fields span the full width of the screen on compact screens. Medium and large Text fields are aligned to the grid up to their max width on larger screens. Avoid allowing text fields to span the entire width of the page on large screens. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Jan, 2025 Added guidance for required/optional fields 4.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Bumped to 4.0 for individual versioning 3.1.3 Apr, 2023 Fixed disabled and read-only states of text area Fixed border color of text area enabled state Fixed helper text links 3.1.2 Apr, 2023 Fixed state layer placement Removed baked-in interactions from the field layer 3.1.1 Mar, 2023 Fixed a label duplication glitch in the stacked text field layout component 3.1.0 Mar, 2023 Moved the error icon in invalid states to the leading element of the helper text Added state layer to text field box to handle hover and pressed states Renamed property for label location to label layout Renamed values for label layout to stacked and floating Simplified boolean property names Renamed “Input” layers and properties to “Value” Updated helper text subcomponent to include error state property Increased spacing below field from 4px to 8px Updated read-only state to normal field styling with “read-only” helper text visible 3.0.0 Jun, 2022 The 3.0 update affects the Figma component’s functionality, there are no visual or behavioral changes to the coded component. Updated each field type to use new component properties feature: Text property types for label, input, assistive text, and character count layers. Boolean property types for helper content, supporting icon, character count, and assistive text layers. Instance swap property for supporting icon (when enabled). Added prefix and suffix as a property of the text field component instead of separate components. Updated each field type to use new state-layer pattern. Renamed “Empty” boolean property to “Populated.” “Populated” property toggles the input text layer and the size and location of the label layer. 2.2.0 Feb, 2022 Increased contrast of form field border Previous Text area Next Text field: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-FIELD #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-AREA #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Text area v4.0.0 Text areas allow for input that extends across multiple lines. Design Develop Accessibility Text area v4.0.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Label Value Container Helper text Properties Label Labels are required for text area fields and quickly describe the field’s purpose. Value The value is submitted with the form. The value replaces any placeholder text in the field after the first character is entered. Placeholder text Placeholder text, or “ghost text”, is visible until a character is entered. Because the placeholder text disappears, putting instructions or requirements as placeholder text is not accessible. Helper text is the preferred method to convey this information. Helper text Helper text is placed below the field and informs the user of any requirements, disclaimers, and errors. Helper text can be shown persistently but is replaced by error text when an error occurs. Character count A character counter will appear when there is a limit on the number of characters that can be submitted. The counter updates in real-time as the input is adjusted. Rows The default number of rows can be customized to increase or decrease the height of the field. The default is 4 rows. Resize Web browsers add a resize indicator to the bottom right of text area fields by default. Dragging the corner adjusts the field’s width and height. Resizing can be disabled if the behavior isn’t desirable. Behavior Overflow Text area fields overflow top and bottom. While focused, the content will shift to keep the cursor in view as the user enters characters. When the field loses focus, the content will scroll to the beginning. Focusing on the field again returns the user to the end of the content. Error messages An error message appears below the field when a required field is left empty or an invalid value is provided. The error message replaces any existing helper text when present. Disabled Users cannot focus on or change disabled fields. Their availability depends on certain requirements. No value will be submitted from disabled fields. Screen sizes Small Text area fields expand the full width of the screen up to the page margins on small screens. Medium and large Text area fields expand up to their full width on larger screens. Web devices will have the browser’s native text area resize indicator in the bottom right corner. Best practices Usage Do use text area fields when longer values and sentences are encouraged. Don’t use text area fields when the expected value is short. Use a simple text field instead. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 4.0.0 Feb, 2024 Bumped to 4.0 for individual versioning Previous Switch Next Text area: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-AREA #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SWITCH #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Switch v2.1.1 Switches provide a binary on/off choice. Their input is immediate and requires no additional action. Design Develop Accessibility Switch v2.1.1 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Platforms Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Label Switch Properties Label Switches should always have a label associated with them. The label should clearly indicate what is being activated. Selected Switches appear as either selected (on) or unselected (off). Switches cannot be in an indefinite state. Disabled Switches can be disabled in either a selected or unselected state if there is a prerequisite to altering its state. Behavior Immediate Switches immediately update the state of the application when their state changes. If a delay is necessary, a loading indicator should be used to inform the user that the process is taking longer. Labels Avoid using the words “on” or “off” within the label. Switches imply an on/off state so including it in the label is redundant. It is okay to use labels with verbs that clarify the decision if it isn’t a clear on/off decision, like “Show” or “Notify”. Platforms Platform-specific Native platforms use the operating system’s default visual treatment. The behavior and options remain the same across platforms. Best practices Labels Do use clear and concise labels. Avoid using action-related verbs with “on” or “off” when adding labels to controls. Switches imply an on/off state so including it in the label is redundant. Placement Do use switches as trailing elements. Don’t use switches as leading elements. Do ensure switches are either aligned with the grid or with each other when multiple switches are stacked. Don’t misalign switches by placing them immediately after labels when multiple switches are stacked, as this can affect legibility. Checkbox or switch If the action is part of a larger form, use a checkbox instead. The items will be submitted with the rest of the form details. Switches apply changes immediately and don’t require the user to submit anything. If you need to include the data in form content, use a checkbox set. Radio button or switch Switches are used for activation, not selection. If you are selecting between two available options, use a radio set instead. Switches should not be used to choose between opposing or discrete options. Instead, use switches for on/off situations. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.1.1 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.1.1 Jun, 2022 Fixed tokens used in web version Fixed dark mode switch to use dark version of bg.primary 2.1.0 Mar, 2022 Updated web switch outline to be bolder Updated switches to use bg.accent when switched on 2.0.0 Jan, 2022 Updated to Evo styling Updated on state to use core.neutral.7 Previous Select list Next Switch: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SWITCH #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SELECT-LIST #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Select list v4.0.0 Select list is a web-only, form-based component that discloses a simple list of actions or options using the browser’s native <select> element. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Select list v4.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Lightweight A select list works best with a simple single-select list. If a list requires values with subtext, multi-select, or additional styling flexibility, use a Dropdown instead. If the list contains over 10 values and could benefit from filtering, use a Combobox instead. Global The select list inherits functionality and accessibility features from the browser’s native <select> element. The list styling is determined by the browser and operating system. Form-based A select list is only used within a form that submits a value and rarely on its own outside of a form. If the list includes actions or navigation, use a Dropdown . Anatomy Label Value Disclosure indicator Container Properties Label The label describes the field’s purpose and expected input value. They are short, usually 4 or fewer words. Label position The label can be positioned above or beside the field. Label visibility The label can be visible or hidden. A visible label is strongly recommended to maintain accessibility and usability. However, if content elsewhere on the page is sufficiently acting as a label, like a section header or title element, the visual label can be hidden. Style There are two styles available for select lists, bordered and Borderless. Bordered : has a visible container with a stroke for increased prominence. Borderless : has no visible container for lower prominence. Size Select lists are available in a large and small size. Default value The default value can be an empty value or a value from the list. The choice depends on use case. By default, select list uses an empty default value. The empty value will fail validation if the field is required, so it’s useful for forcing a selection. Alternatively, the default value can be set to the first option in the list. This default value is submitted even if a user hasn’t interacted with it. Use a value from the list as a default when it’s likely used by the majority of users. Behavior Browser styling The list style is determined by the browser and platform. Screen sizes Small Select works the same across all screen sizes. The list menu style is determined by the device’s browser and operating system. Medium and large Select works the same across all screen sizes. The list menu style is determined by the device’s browser and operating system. Larger screens will try opening the list with the selected value aligned with the field’s value. Best practices Simple Do use a select list when the list values are simple and short. Don’t use a select list if the list values need to use subtext or grouping. Use a Dropdown instead. Filtering Do use a select list when the list is small and simple. Don’t use a select list for extra large lists that could benefit from filtering. Use a Combobox instead. List size Do use a select list for lists larger than 3 items. Don’t use a select list for 3 or fewer items. Use a Radio button group instead. Groups Do use the same selection style within groups. If some selections require the additional functionality of a Dropdown, use a Dropdown for all items in the group. Don’t mix selection styles in the same group. Usage Do use select lists within forms. Don’t use select lists outside of a form as it is a traditionally form-based element. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Sep, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Radio button Next Select list: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SELECT-LIST #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/RADIO-BUTTON #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Radio button v2.0.1 Radio buttons allow the user to select one option from a set. Only one can be selected at a time. Design Develop Accessibility Radio button v2.0.1 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Platforms Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Radio input Label Properties Label A label is required for all radio buttons. They should be as short as possible. Size There are two sizes available. Large is the default and is preferred on smaller screens. The smaller radio button can be used for dense layouts, but are less tap-friendly. Selection A radio button can be either selected or unselected. There are no indeterminate states for radio buttons. Disabled A radio button can be disabled if there is a prerequisite to activate. Behavior Label overflow Labels will wrap if they are wider than the parent container. The radio button remains aligned to the top of the text box. Group labels Radio buttons cannot be standalone. They should always be contained within a set of at least two items. The group title is required to clarify how the options are related and what decision is being made. Platforms Android Android uses the native Material radio buttons for improved support and accessibility. iOS iOS devices use the large Evo radio button. Web Web uses the large and small Evo radio buttons depending on screen size and content density. Best practices Selection Radio buttons should only be used when a single element can be selected. Don’t use radio buttons when multiple options can be applied simultaneously. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.1 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.0.1 Jan, 2023 Added keyboard focus specs 2.0.1 Jan, 2022 Updated on state to use core.neutral.7 Previous Phone number Next Radio button: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/RADIO-BUTTON #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PHONE-NUMBER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Phone number v4.0.0 The phone number field is a specialized text field enabling quick phone number entry. Design Develop Accessibility Phone number v4.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Performant Forms allow users to complete fields effortlessly. Accessible Anyone, no matter their abilities, can complete forms. Dynamic Forms provide dynamic feedback so users can correct errors quickly and confidently. Anatomy Label Country dropdown Helper text Country code Value Field container Properties Label The label is required for password fields and defaults to “Phone number”. The label can be set to stacked or floating. Country code dropdown The country code dropdown reveals a list of all supported country codes. The chosen country code updates the formatting applied to the input value. Country code value The country code value updates according to chosen country code in the dropdown. If a phone number is pasted into the field with the country code included the dropdown will update and the input value formatting will adjust accordingly. Input value The input value is formatted according to the country code as characters are entered. The value is validated immediately when the field loses focus. Behavior Value formatting The input value is automatically formatted according to the country code selected. This groups the values to make it easier to read and reduce the chance of making errors. Country code value The country code value is a dynamic text field that updates according to the country selected or the number pasted into the field. Choosing a country from the dropdown updates the country code. Pasting a value will remove the country code from the input value and replace the country code value. Screen sizes Small native On smaller native screens, the button opens a fullscreen overlay with an indexed list of countries. Small web On smaller web screens, the button opens a large dialog sheet. Medium and large On medium and large screens, the dropdown opens a scrollable popover menu. Touch devices reveal a numerical keyboard where possible for the input value. Best practices Modality Do display the country code list in a fullscreen overlay on compact views. This allows for additional features like search and the native index on iOS. Don’t display the country code list in a bottom sheet or popover on compact views. This increases the effort required to locate an item and doesn’t support complex interactions like search and index. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Bumped to 4.0.0 for individual versioning Previous Password Next Phone number: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PHONE-NUMBER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PASSWORD #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Password v4.0.0 The password field automatically hides its input. It includes a trailing icon that toggles the entry masking. Design Develop Accessibility Password v4.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Specs Change log Considerations Performant Forms allow users to complete fields effortlessly. Accessible Anyone, no matter their abilities, can complete forms. Dynamic Forms provide dynamic feedback so users can correct errors quickly and confidently. Anatomy Label Value Helper text Visibility toggle Properties Label A label is required for password fields and defaults to “Password”. The included label can be hidden if there is another adjacent text element acting as the label. Value The password value is submitted with the form. It is obfuscated with dots by default. Layout There are two layouts available for password fields, stacked and floating. Stacked labels are above the field and floating labels are inside the field. A floating label animates upward on focus to make room for the value. Helper text Helper text is placed below the field and informs the user of any requirements or disclaimers. Helper text can be shown persistently or on focus. Error messages When a field fails validation, the helper text produces an error message to help users successfully fulfill the password requirements. Error messages are concise and direct, and replace any previously visible helper text. An error icon is prepended to the helper text to improve discoverability. Size There are two sizes available: 48px and 40px. These sizes match available button sizes in case they’re inline together. Avoid mixing different sizes in a single form. Behavior Overflow Longer passwords flow beyond the visible container. While focused, the value overflows to the left to keep the cursor in view as characters are entered. When the field loses focus, the value shifts to the beginning and overflows to the right. Focusing on the field again returns to the end of the value. Privacy toggle The privacy icon toggles between showing and hiding the characters entered to aid in situations where the password needs to be reviewed. The icon conveys what will happen when interacted with, not the current state, so a concealed value has the show icon and a revealed value has the hide icon. Screen sizes Small Password fields span the full width of the screen on smaller screens. Medium and large Password fields are aligned to the grid on larger screens up to the max width. Avoid allowing password fields to span the full screen width. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updates to Evo Bumped component version to 4.0 to begin individual versioning Previous Dropdown Next Password: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PASSWORD #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DROPDOWN #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Dropdown v4.0.0 Dropdown fields allow for selection of a value within a predetermined dataset. Design Develop Accessibility Dropdown v4.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Specs Change log Considerations Performant Forms allow users to complete fields effortlessly. Accessible Anyone, no matter their abilities, can complete forms. Dynamic Forms provide dynamic feedback so users can correct errors quickly and confidently. Anatomy Label Value Helper text Container Icon Properties Labels Labels are required for all form fields. Labels succinctly describe the field’s purpose and expected input value. Layout Input dropdowns have multiple layout options. Stacked: The field’s label is outside and above the field. Floating: The label is inside the text box and animates upward on focus to make room for the input value. Required/Optional fields Use an asterisk to indicate a field is required. Display the word “optional” in parentheses next to the field label if the field isn’t required. If most fields are required, only indicate the optional fields. If most fields are optional, only indicate the required fields. Placeholder content Placeholder text, or “ghost text”, is visible until a character is entered or a value is selected. Because the placeholder text disappears, putting instructions or requirements as placeholder text is not accessible. Helper text is the preferred method to convey this information. Helper text Helper text is placed below the field and informs the user of any requirements or disclaimers. Helper text can be shown persistently or on focus. Error messages When a field fails validation, the helper text produces an error message to help the user successfully fulfill the input requirements. Error messages are concise and direct, and replace any previously visible helper text. An error icon is prepended to the helper text to enhance discoverability. Size There are two sizes available: 40px and 48px. These match our button sizes to account for situations where they are inline together. Avoid mixing different sizes in a single form. Read-only Users cannot focus on or change read-only fields. Their input is derived from other parts of the UI and is intended to be viewable for reference. The input is submitted with the form. Disabled Users cannot focus on or change disabled fields. Their availability depends on certain requirements. No value will be submitted from disabled fields. Behavior Overflow Content that extends beyond the width of the field is truncated before the icon. Min width Bordered dropdowns have a minimum width of 2x their height. Borderless dropdowns do not have a minimum width since they hug their contents. Max width Dropdown buttons and menus have a max width of 280px. Screen sizes Small Dropdown input fields launch a sheet or a popover menu depending on the platform. Native Native apps launch a sheet or fullscreen modal when interacting with the dropdown field. The choice between the modal size is determined by the size and complexity of the list. Web Small screens on web disclose a list in a popover menu. Medium and large Dropdown input fields disclose a list in a popover menu on medium and large screens across all platforms. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Bumped to 4.0 for individual versioning Previous Combobox Next Dropdown: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DROPDOWN #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/COMBOBOX #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Combobox v3.0.0 The combobox combines a text field with a popover menu, allowing users to filter and choose an option from a list or enter their own value. Design Develop Accessibility Combobox v3.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Specs Change log Considerations Speed Comboboxes provide the benefits of a menu with the speed of a text field. Convenience Comboboxes improve decision-making and entry speed by allowing for quick typing and matching. Freedom Comboboxes empower users by allowing them to type or select an item, and enter a value of their own if one doesn’t exist. Anatomy Label Value Menu Field container Properties Label Labels are required for all comboboxes. The label should succinctly describe the purpose of the field. Value A value can be optional or required depending on the context. A default value can be automatically populated, or the field can remain empty until a character is entered. Layout The field label can be stacked above the field or float within the field. Whichever is chosen, a single style should be used within a single form. Size Comboboxes are available in a small and large size. Large is the default and preferred size on compact screens. Menu trigger The menu popover progressively displays available values. The popover can be triggered on focus or as the user enters characters. Consider triggering the menu on focus if the content is more complex. When the content is familiar to the user, the menu can trigger as they enter characters instead. Autocomplete Autocomplete can be enabled to fill in a value without needing to type out all of the characters. The autocomplete value is selected when navigating away from the field. Single-select Comboboxes that take a single value collapse the menu, set the value, and show the value as a single text element. Multi-select Comboboxes can accept multiple values in a single field. Each value converts to an input chip when selected from the menu list. Flex height When using input chips, the height of the combobox can flex to allow chips to wrap to a new line. Use flex height when it’s important to keep all values visible. Helper text Helper text is placed below the field. It guides the user on accurate input or how the input is used. Helper text can be shown persistently or on focus. Error messages When a field fails validation, an error message appears to help the user successfully fulfill the input requirements. The error message is concise and direct. If the field has helper text, it is replaced with the error message. The error icon appears next to the error message and remains visible while the field is in an invalid state. Creating values Comboboxes allow users to create new values. A “create new” option appears in the menu if there are 3 or fewer options matching an entry. The new value is added to the list when submitted. Behavior Min width Comboboxes have a minimum width of 192px. Max width Comboboxes have a max width of 480px. Horizontal overflow For fields that don’t grow and wrap their content, the content overflows to keep the cursor visible as characters are entered. The field returns to the start of the input value when the field loses focus. Focusing on the field again returns to the end of the entry. Helper text overflow Helper text spans the width of the field and wraps to a new line when extending beyond the field’s width. Screen sizes Small Comboboxes present differently according to platform on small screens. Native Comboboxes on small screen native apps disclose values in a fullscreen modal when the field is active. Web Small screens on web disclose values in a popover menu when the field is active. Medium Comboboxes use a popover menu on medium screens. Large Comboboxes use a popover menu on large screens. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 3.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 3.0.0 Jan, 2024 Initial release of combobox in design library Bumped to 3.0.0 for new addition Previous Chip Next Combobox: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/COMBOBOX #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CHIP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Chip v1.0.0 Chips represent discrete input values. Design Develop Accessibility Chip v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Specs Change log Considerations Discrete A chip represents a single value. Contained Chips provide a stronger visual distinction between values by containing them in their own shapes. Verified Chips indicate that the input is verified and submittable. Anatomy Title Delete button Container Properties Title All chips have a title to represent the value entered or selected. Behavior Hover A hover state appears over the chip’s delete button. Plain text conversion On native platforms, characters can be typed in plain text and converted to a chip by hitting the ENTER key or selecting a filtered value from a list. Overflow Chips within a text field wrap to a new line when reaching the edge of the text box. The cursor wraps to a new line when the first chip is added. Validation Only valid entry values convert to chips. If a value fails validation, it should remain as plain text until corrected or deleted. Focusing away from an input field removes invalid values. Existing chips within the field remain. Removing chips Chips are removed by pressing (or holding) the BACKSPACE key within an empty input field or activating the delete button. Min width Chips have a minimum width of 56px. Max width Chips have a max width of 320px before the title is truncated. If chips are nested within an input field that is narrower than 336px then they will extend the full width of the field minus padding. Popover options Input fields with chips leverage the same behavior as comboboxes: The popover appears automatically when the user starts typing in the input field, or when they focus on the input field. The popover is filtered as the user types, so that only the options that match the user's input are displayed. If no option exists, and the field allows for custom values, then the value is created and added to the list. When an element is selected and added as a chip to the field, that item is removed from the list. Options within the popover can be grouped and organized as necessary. Screen sizes Small Editing and selecting chips within a field on compact screens launches a fullscreen overlay. Medium and large Chip fields use popover menus to present values. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to Evo 1.0.0 Mar, 2024 Initial release Previous Checkbox Next Chip: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CHIP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CHECKBOX #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Checkbox v2.0.0 Checkboxes allow the user to select multiple options from a list or a single yes/no option. Design Develop Accessibility Checkbox v2.0.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Platforms Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Checkbox Label Properties Label A label is required for all checkboxes. They should be short and represent a value or yes/no decision. Size There are two sizes available. Large is the default and is preferred on smaller screens. The smaller checkbox can be used for dense layouts, but are less tap-friendly. Selection A checkbox can be unselected, selected, or indeterminate. A checkbox is indeterminate if it includes both selected and unselected options. Disabled A checkbox can be disabled in any state if there is a prerequisite to activate. Single-choice A single discrete checkbox can be used for yes/no decisions within a form. Behavior Label overflow Labels will wrap if they are wider than the parent container. The checkbox remains aligned to the top of the text box. Platforms Android Android devices leverage the native Material checkbox component. iOS iOS devices leverage the native checkbox component. Web Checkboxes are either form-based or menu-based. Form-based checkboxes are the traditional checkboxes used in HTML form elements. Menu-based checkboxes appear in dropdown menus and in panel dialogs. Best practices Selection Do use checkboxes when multiple elements can be selected at once. Don’t use checkboxes when only one option can be chosen at a time. Usage Checking a box is a positive, enabling action or opt-in. Don’t mix verbiage on the labels, a checkbox shouldn’t be utilized for opting out. Labels Labels have built-in interactivity. In web browsers, clicking the label toggles the checkbox value. Do not add additional interactivity to the label, such as tooltips. This will conflict with the browser’s native behavior. Single responsibility A checkbox should be used independently for multi-select elements without incorporating other behaviors or nested controls. Don’t overload the checkbox with additional behaviors, such as expansions. Single checkbox Do use a single checkbox for selections. They usually need to be submitted for a change to occur. Don’t use a single checkbox for activation or immediate application. Use a switch instead. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.0.0 Jan, 2022 Updated to Evo styling Updated on state to use core.neutral.7 Previous Expansion Next Checkbox: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CHECKBOX #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EXPANSION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Expansion v2.0.0 Expansion is a lightweight container that can function independently or be integrated into a larger surface. Tapping the expansion controls will either expand the content into a larger section or collapse it back to its original size. Design Develop Accessibility Expansion v2.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Progressive Expansions reduce visual complexity and information density. Empower Users decide what information they want to see and when. On-demand Revealing and hiding information is a single tap away. Anatomy Title Trailing icon Properties Title The title describes what occurs when the button is selected. The title can be adjusted according to the context. Behavior Expanding The expansion button title adjusts according to its state to indicate what occurs when pressed. The title says “more” when collapsed and “less” when expanded. The expand button remains below the revealed content. Overflow The title wraps to another line when extending beyond the parent container. Screen sizes Small Expansion buttons appear directly beneath the content they expand on small screens. Large Expansion buttons appear directly below the content they expand on large screens. Best practices Button title Keep the title short and concise. Only add additional qualifiers if it’s necessary to clarify the expected behavior. Don’t use long or wordy titles. Extra long titles can negatively affect the overall hierarchy. Amount of content Use expansion buttons to expand a reasonable amount of content within view. Be careful expanding a large amount of content. If it expands off screen, the connection to the content can get lost and become difficult to navigate. Density Use a tertiary button when paging content that cannot be collapsed. Don’t use expansion buttons for paging content. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated text style of button title Updated sizing Added state layer Updated icon size from 12 to 16 Updated default title content Updated element color from foreground.accent to foreground.primary Removed position and size properties 1.3.0 Apr, 2022 Fixed direction of chevron in expanded variants Fixed dark mode colors Updated color styles to appropriate token styles Previous EEK rating and range Next Expansion: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EXPANSION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EEK #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload EEK rating and range v1.0.2 Because of EU legislation, eBay as a marketplace is required to enable sellers to correctly display the Energy Efficiency Class (EEC or EEK) information on specific product categories. The new ratings and ranges are required on item cards throughout our experience for relevant categories. Design Develop Accessibility EEK rating and range v1.0.2 On this page Anatomy Properties Types Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Rating Range Properties Size There are two EEK sizes available: Small and Large. To meet requirements, the large text on the right side of the EEK icon should be based on the item's price size and must either match or be larger than the price. This means the small variant (24px tall) is used for price sizes 18px and below, while the large variant (32px tall) is for price sizes 19px and above. Types Signal set EU Legislation requires that icon usage and visual design (color, font, font size) do not deviate in any way from the standard library component specifications for use across eBay pages. Badge A badge is used when there is a valid range and rating. Text Text is used when no range and rating is given or if there is only a rating. Best practices Placement The badge (or text) must always be placed at the bottom left of all content. This helps maintain consistent hierarchy across pages and component types. Place the EEK Rating in the bottom left corner below all content. Do not place the EEK Rating badge over any content. Place the EEK Rating in the bottom left corner below all content. Do not place the EEK Rating away from content. Sizing Do use the large EEK variant for price sizes 19px and larger. Don’t use the small EEK variant for price sizes 19px and larger. Specs Color values Enlarged view Change log Version Date Notes 1.0 Feb, 2025 Updated the EEK arrow to point left 1.0 Oct, 2024 Added size property guidance and additional specs 1.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.0 Apr, 2022 Initial release Previous Education notice Next EEK: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EEK #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EDUCATION-NOTICE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Education notice v2.0.0 Education notices are supplemental, contextual messages that educate users about programs, features and opportunities. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Education notice v2.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Informative Education modules help users immediately access additional information. Visual Education modules use icons to help support the message, explain a concept, or create a visual connection to the value prop. Scalable Education modules can be actionable and/or dismissable and have 2 levels of visual prominence to scale to all use cases. Anatomy Icon Title Body Close/dismiss Action Properties Background color Education notices can have blue or gray backgrounds. Choose a background color based on the message's prominence and the page's hierarchy. Blue education notices are more noticeable, but can be overwhelming when there’s a lot of adjacent colors. Gray education notices are less prominent, but better suited for pages with a lot of color. Icon color The leading icon can be black or blue. They are black by default, but approved program badges can use blue. If the blue is too prominent or noisy, program badges can use black as well. For more information, please refer to Program Badges . Title A bolded title is optional. The title quickly summarizes the purpose of the notice. Titles have a maximum character count of 55 characters. Body The body text is required. The text should be succinct and avoid repeating elements of the title. The body copy has a maximum character count of 120 characters. Icon A leading icon is available to increase visibility and drive recognition of a feature or program. The icon relates directly to the messaging. If the message is about a program, use the respective program badge. Dismissable Education notices can include a dismiss button that removes the alert from the page. This is useful for general or supplemental information that users may only need once. Actionable Education notices can include a link button informing users of additional information or a supporting action. On small screens, the action is stacked below the content, while on large screens, the action is inline to the right. Behavior Presentation Education notices are contextual; they should be placed close to a relevant page section. For example, a payment message appears above a payment section. Similarly, a Guarantee Trust message is located further down the checkout page, just before the purchase button. Stacking Page level alerts are displayed above any education notices. Section level notices are also displayed above any education notices if they’re referring to the same section. Width The minimum width for education notices is 288px. Overflow Title and body copy will wrap if wider than the container. Action labels should  avoid wrapping. Carousels Education notices can appear in a carousel when there are multiple related notices. If a notice is dismissible, the content shifts to fill the open spot after a notice is removed. The width doesn’t change to fill available space. Screen sizes Small On small screens, education notices always extend to fill all columns and have rounded corners. Dismiss is always right top-aligned and the action is left-aligned below the body content. Medium On medium screens, education notices also extend to fill all columns and have rounded corners. Dismiss is always right top-aligned and the action is left-aligned below the body content. Large On large screens, education notices extend to their maximum width. Best practices Content Do keep titles in bold and body copy in regular weight to maintain visual separation from the action. Don’t use bold weight for the body copy. The action becomes more difficult to discern from the main content. Icons Do use black for all icons that are not an approved program badge. Don’t make generic icons that aren’t approved badges blue. Priority Do ensure alert notices appear above education notices when they occupy the same space. Don’t place education notices above alert notices when occupying the same space. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.0.0 Jan, 2024 Increases title size Increases gap spacing Increases radius Increases padding Removes “title?” boolean property Removes “orientation” property 1.0.0 Feb, 2023 Component created Previous Divider Next Education notice: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EDUCATION-NOTICE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DIVIDER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Divider v2.0.0 Dividers break up and group content on the page. Design Develop Accessibility Divider v2.0.0 On this page Considerations Types Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Supportive Dividers separate groups of content when white space isn’t clear enough. Subtle Dividers are just noticeable enough to be effective and not interruptive. Seldom Dividers are used sparingly to group content, not separate multiple list items. Types Inset Inset dividers divide groups of related content. They can also be used to provide structure to tappable cells. They should match the inset level of content. Full-width Use full-width dividers to separate distinct sections of content. They can also be used instead of drop shadows to imply elevation for fixed elements. Behavior Separating list content Dividers are used to separate list groups and not individual list items. This is especially helpful when content in adjacent lists are similar. Elevated elements Elements that overlay on top of other content, like fixed navigation or fixed actions, use a full-width divider to provide a stronger sense of separation. Best practices Frequency Do use dividers to separate groups of similar content. Don’t use dividers to separate individual items within a list. Elevated content Do use full-width dividers for elevated UI elements. Don’t use inset dividers for content that overlaps other content. Specs Inset divider Full-width divider Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to Playbook 2.0 Previous Dialog Next Divider: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DIVIDER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DIALOG #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Dialog v4.0.0 Dialogs appear in front of other content to ask for a decision or inform users of important information. Design Develop Accessibility Dialog v4.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Focused Dialogs focus the user on a single task or piece of critical information. Responsive Dialogs are initiated by the user either explicitly or implicitly. They are not system-generated. Intentional Dialog content is necessary and helpful for the user to complete a larger goal. Anatomy Scrim Header Container Footer Properties Container Dialog containers are designed to be flexible to account for a wide variety of content types. The container adjusts to fit its content up to its maximum height. Header A header is required and provides two layout options: standard and image. The image variant moves the title downwards and increases the overall padding of the dialog. Use the image header for expressive messaging. Width There are 3 sizes available for dialogs: narrow (480px), regular (616px), and wide (896px). If the width of the screen is less than or equal to the width of the dialog it will shrink to 100% of the grid width. Type There are three types of dialogs available depending on the type of decision and number of actions present. Alert Alert dialogs require the user’s attention. They are usually presented by the system, not an explicit user action, so they are highly disruptive. Alerts have a single action and can only be dismissed through the action. Confirm Confirm dialogs inform users of a decision’s impact. These dialogs present two actions and are dismissed by interacting with one of them. Task Task dialogs request users to complete a focused task or provide more information related to an element on the main page. The content can vary depending on use case, like form fields to update an item in a table or additional information about a program. Task dialogs have a close button in the header to allow users to dismiss the dialog at any time without a decision. Behavior Height A dialog’s height defaults to fit its content. The maximum height of a dialog is 90% of the screen height and the minimum height is 280px. Scrim The scrim blocks interactions with the main page to focus the user on the task or message within the dialog. All dialogs are modal, so the scrim is automatically applied. Learn more about scrim tokens . Use a popover for situations that don’t require modality. Screen sizes Small screen native modal High-priority alert and confirm dialogs requiring an action are centered on native screens. Small screen native sheet All other dialogs are full screen overlays or form sheets. iOS form sheet Android full screen overlay Small screen web modal High-priority alert and confirm dialogs requiring an action are centered on small web screens. Small screen web sheet Dialogs are full screen or bottom inset sheets, depending on the amount of content within the dialog. Web bottom inset sheet Web full screen overlay Large screen Dialogs default to centered on larger screens. The dialog can be offset to the left or right on large-format foldable devices. Centered alert dialog Centered sheet dialog Offset sheet dialog on foldable device Best practices Alignment Do always center-align alert and confirm dialogs. Don’t bottom-align alert and confirm dialogs. Complexity Focus the content on a single subtask with simple interactions and decisions. Avoid overloading modals with complex interactions and decisions. This can overwhelm and confuse users. Use a new page if the content cannot be simplified. Nesting Dialogs lie above all main page content. Dialogs should not trigger other dialogs. This quickly becomes inaccessible and confusing. Links within modals should open in a new tab or dismiss the modal before navigating. Size Do keep dialog content focused and short and avoid scrolling behavior when possible. Consider using a page if the content extends far beyond the dialog container and includes complex interactions. Overflow Content should only scroll vertically if it extends beyond the dialog window. Avoid content that scrolls horizontally within a dialog. Specs Task dialog Confirm dialog Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Sep, 2024 Added confirm dialog examples throughout Screen sizes section Added confirm dialog alignment example in Best practices Updated specs 4.0.0 Aug, 2024 Combined “Alert dialog” and “Modal” together as “Dialog” Added alert dialog examples to screen size section Updated body component to new Slot component Updated header to be a single component set to maintain title override between variants Attached appropriate spacing tokens to the dialog and its parts Updated to eBay Evo 3.1.0 Mar, 2024 Updated body component to new Slot component Updated header to be a single component set to maintain title override between variants Attached appropriate spacing tokens to the dialog and its parts 3.0.0 Feb, 2023 Updated component parts to use component property features Consolidated component parts to remove redundancy Updated list option base component to include a leading and trailing icon Updated option list base component to use preset properties of updated list value component Updated sheet header trailing button to use headerAction component part Replaced action property of sheetHeader with trailing button? property Added nested instance property to sheetHeader and primary bottom sheet component Updated headerAction textButton to use updated Standard Button component Added nested instance properties of updated component parts to main Bottom Sheet component 2.0.0 Jan, 2023 Updated sheet title size Updated dismiss action to use button container Removed leading status icon variant Previous Date picker Next Dialog: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DIALOG #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DATE-PICKER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Date picker v1.2.0 Date pickers allow users to choose a date or a range of dates. Design Develop Accessibility Date picker v1.2.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Platforms Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Month navigators Days Date range start Month and year Date range selected Date cell Current date Date range end Container Properties Default picker The default picker allows for a single date selection. The current date is always visible. Dates can be disabled if they are outside of the allowed time range. This can be days prior to the current day for scheduling events, or a maximum date range for events in the past. Date range picker The date picker can also allow the selection of a range of dates. The first tap sets the starting date and a second tap sets the ending date. A third tap resets the date range and sets the new starting date. Double picker On larger screens, two months can be shown at a time using the double picker. This larger picker behaves the same as the single picker when navigating, selecting, and setting date ranges. Date input The date picker is typically triggered by a date input field. Simple, memorable dates will accept text input with the option to reveal a date picker calendar when interacting with the calendar icon. Behavior Navigating months Both single and double pickers navigate horizontally via the top-right controls or by swiping left or right on the dates. Full screen dialog pickers scroll vertically. State There are multiple states for dates to indicate if they can be selected, if they are selected, what the current day is, and whether a range is set. Platforms Native pickers Native Android and iOS devices leverage the OS date pickers. Android date picker iOS date picker Android Android devices use the Material date picker component. The Material date picker is available in a docked popover or modal variant. iOS iOS devices use the native picker components. These are available as popovers or inline pickers. Screen sizes Small Date pickers in native apps use the OS pickers. HTML uses the popover or fullscreen dialog version. Native date picker HTML full screen date picker Large Date pickers in native apps on tablet use the native OS pickers. HTML uses the popover pickers. Best practices Choosing a picker Do allow users to quickly enter short dates or times. Don’t use a date or time picker when text entry would be quicker and more convenient. Specs Default picker Double picker Vertical double picker Selection states Change log Version Date Notes 1.2.0 Aug, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.2.0 Feb, 2023 Added keyboard interaction specs 1.1.0 Jan, 2023 Added nested instance property for header component to parent date picker component Renamed calendar header layer to “header” Replaced “Calendar” in atomic layer names to “DatePicker” 1.0.0 Jul, 2022 Initial release Previous Data visualization: Metrics Next Date picker: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DATE-PICKER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/METRICS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Metrics v1.1.0 Our metrics create simple and accessible at-a-glance summaries of data sets. Design Accessibility Metrics v1.1.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Types Colors Screen sizes Examples Best practices Change log Considerations Keep it simple Progressive disclosure is key—ensure you are using metrics as a tool to aid in the quick glance understanding of a data set. Long strings and overly complex filters don’t support this goal. Tell a story Focus on what you want to communicate and who you’re communicating to. Understanding data is much easier when there is a human narrative. Think about how you would tell the story in a sentence and start there. Scale thoughtfully Our metrics components scale to accommodate one or many data sets—both with and without cards. They also scale seamlessly for all screen sizes and users. Use designated colors and scaling behaviors to ensure they are simple and accessible in all contexts. Anatomy Summary bar container Label Trend arrow Summary metric container Metric Descriptor Types Static metrics Shows the current value of a single data set using text only. Trend metrics Shows how a single data set changes over a specific time period or in comparison to a previous time period. Trend lines A trend metric used in tandem with a sparkline to visually show the trend of a single data set at a glance. Sparklines have 6 points max. Colors Use green to indicate a positive trend, such as increasing sales or decreasing costs, and red for a negative trend, like declining sales or rising costs. Blue is used for neutral trends or when displaying multiple trends in sequence. Always pair the color with an up or down arrow to show the trend direction. This approach ensures high contrast for all metrics and maintains clarity for users with low vision or color blindness. Positive When a single data set is showing a positive trend and it is the primary metric on the page, the line and arrow in a trend line graph can be green to emphasize the goal of the graph. Negative Similarly, when a single data set is showing a negative trend and it is the primary metric on the page, the line and arrow can both be red. Neutral or multiple trends If the graph isn't showing a trend, if the trend is neutral, or if there are multiple trend metrics in a row then only the arrows should use color to indicate the trend and sparklines should remain blue. Screen sizes Small On small screens, the behavior is the same as medium screens but less cards are seen by default. Make sure there is always a peek of the next card to ensure users know to scroll left and right. Medium On medium screens, summary metrics in cards should scroll horizontally and always maintain a peek of the next card so users know the area is scrollable. Large On large screens, summary metrics in a summary bar align horizontally across the page and can either be contained in a single summary bar, embedded within the page background, or each have their own card. Examples Best practices Labels Do keep labels short and glanceable. Don’t make labels longer than 2-3 words. Do always include a label or summary metric title to set context for what the metric is about. Don’t remove labels if there is no clear title. Users need context about what the metric is portraying. Metric color Do use semantic colors only in the trend arrow icon. Don’t use color on the metric itself. We use colored text very sparingly because color alone is not accessible to all users. Sparkline color Do make sparklines blue when multiple summary metrics are shown in view at a time. Don’t make sparklines red or green when multiple summary metrics are shown in view at a time. Change log Version Date Notes 1.1.0 Jul, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.1.0 Apr, 2024 Updated colors to use new color palette 1.1.0 Nov, 2022 Added a few new summary metric variants 1.0.0 Aug, 2021 Initial publish Previous Graphs Next Metrics: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/METRICS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/GRAPHS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Graphs v2.0.0 Our graphs provide beautiful, simple, and accessible ways to understand sets of data. Design Accessibility Graphs v2.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Graphs Types Content Interactivity Density Color Examples Best practices Change log Considerations Keep it simple Progressive disclosure is key—ensure you are using data visualization as a tool to aid in understanding, not to overwhelm users with too much information all at once. Tell a story Focus on what you want to communicate and who you’re communicating to. Understanding data is much easier when there is a human narrative. Think about how you would tell the story in a sentence. Scale thoughtfully Our charts scale seamlessly for all screen sizes and users. Use designated colors, interactive states, and scaling behaviors to ensure they are simple and accessible in all contexts. Anatomy Title Tab set Scaffolding X-axis Key Controls Y-axis Baseline Graphs Stacked bar chart Used to compare multiple part-to-whole relationships or ranking a single data set. Side-by-side bar chart Used to compare data across categories or two or more criteria. Stacked area chart Used to visualize a total over time and how each category contributes to the whole. Line graph Used to track changes over time for single or multiple data sets. Line graphs are better at showing smaller changes and/or longer time periods than bar charts. Progress bar Used to show progress toward a single goal or total. Can be either linear or circular. Donut chart Used to show the breakdown of a single part-to-whole relationship within a total. Types Single data sets We use our primary blue when visualizing a single value, such as progress bars, or a single data set, like line graphs, bar charts, or area charts. Part-to-whole data sets We use shades of blue, and teal when needed, to represent part-to-whole relationships. This approach keeps the focus on a single, neutral color family, avoiding the use of hues like green and red that may carry specific meanings in other contexts. Content Titles Titles are critical for describing the graph and telling its story. They can summarize the type of data and its time period in a sentence, state the category in a few words and let controls dictate the time period, or highlight the takeaway as a total. You can also utilize subtitles to describe the graph title or tell the story in human language. Title only Title and subtitle Primary metric Controls Controls can change time period, type of data, or amount of data shown on the graph. They can be tabs, quick filters or dropdowns that are either left aligned or right aligned depending on your layout and use case. Tabs Quick filters Dropdown Axis The X and Y axes anchor the user, helping them compare data points consistently across graphs. Use clear, concise intervals that avoid overcrowding. For instance, even if the chart covers a full year with daily data, it’s unnecessary to display all 365 days on the X-axis. Ensure labels have at least 16px of space between them and include key anchor points. For example, start the Y-axis at 0 for accurate proportions and mark significant time points on the X-axis, like financial quarters or days of the week. Users can interact with the graph to view specific data points via tooltips between labels. Interactivity Interactivity is crucial in maintaining our principles of simplicity and progressive disclosure. Graphs and charts should be simple enough to be understood at-a-glance. Progressive disclosure allows users to easily find the details they need by interacting with specific parts of the graph. Mouse devices On web, users can hover or click a specific point in time to see more details. This will open a tooltip above the selected time period and all other shapes on the graph fade to 30% opacity. Touch devices On mobile devices, users can interact with graphs through tap and long press gestures. A tap reveals the tooltip for a specific time period, and a second tap dismisses it. Alternatively, a long press reveals the tooltip, allowing users to scroll left or right while pressing to view each time period consecutively. Tool tips Make sure the ordering of data sets in the tooltip reflects the order of the segments on the graph from top to bottom. For example, the top segment should be the top value in the flyout, the second value should be the second segment down, etc. The key under the graph should be in the opposite order since the key represents building the segments from the bottom up to the top. Density Small screen The size and number of bars in a bar chart can affect its clarity and meaning when the chart becomes too complex. If bars are narrower than 12px with less than 8px of padding, the chart starts to resemble an area chart, making the bars difficult to read. Aim to keep bars between 12px and 16px wide, with at least 8px of padding between them for optimal readability. 16px bars with 40px padding 16px bars with 32px padding 16px bars with 8px padding Medium and Large screen On medium and large screens, the increased real estate allows us to expand the X-axis to display more data in most graphs, often extending the time period and adding more bars in bar charts. However, if consistency in the time period across screen sizes is crucial for the user, you can maintain the same time period and instead adjust the bar width, spacing, and graph inset. On larger screens, bars can widen from 12px to 24px, with at least 8px of padding between them. Maintain time frame Increase bar width, padding, and inset. Increase time frame Increase number of bars, width, and padding. Color Data viz color tokens All of the colors we use in our data visualization patterns have been vetted for accessibility and fit into three categories: trends, charts, and line graphs. You can find the colors we use throughout this page in Color Tokens . Examples Best practices Axis Do separate axis labels with at least 16px of padding. Don’t place axis labels too closely together or angle the text. If necessary, show every other label or wrap labels onto 2 lines. Shape Do use 2px corner radii on outside corners of bar chart segments. Don’t increase corner radii on bar charts. Rounded edges make the values harder to read and the bars harder to compare. Density of bar charts Do maintain between 12px and 24px wide bars with a minimum of 8px padding between them. Don’t make bars smaller than 12px wide or decrease padding below 8px to show more data. Show less bars or use a different graph to achieve the density of data you are looking for. Number of data sets Do show a max of 3 data sets per graph by default. Don’t show more than 3 data sets by default. A max of 5 data sets can be displayed if the user turns on more. Interactivity Do ensure interactive tooltips are aligned above or below all key shapes and data in the graph, even if they overlap the title, controls, or axis. Always include the value and label for each data set within the tooltip. Don’t align interactive tooltips to the left or right where users fingers may cover important data on touch screens. And don’t rely on the order alone to express the meaning of values. Graph color Do use the color themes defined for each graph type and the ordering defined based on number of data sets. Don’t use colors intended for one chart type in another, such as applying line graph colors in an area chart, and don't create new color themes for graphs that aren’t part of the system. Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.0 Aug, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.0.0 Apr, 2024 Updated colors to new color palette 2.0.0 Nov, 2022 Reduced radii on bar charts down to 2px to increase legibility Reduced radii on donut charts down to 2px for small size and 4px for large size to increase legibility Updated colors used for each chart & graph Added new shapes on line graphs with multiple data sets to address accessibility bugs Updated interactive state styling and guidance to be consistent across platforms & address accessibility concerns Added guidance on scaling, axis and baseline labeling 1.0.0 Aug, 2021 Initial publish Previous CCD Next Graphs: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/GRAPHS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CCD #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Common charger directive (CCD) 1.0.0 The EU's Common Charger Directive mandates USB-C ports for most rechargeable devices, aiming to standardize charging interfaces. This regulation enhances device compatibility, allows consumers to buy devices without chargers, improves transparency for buyers, and reduces both consumer costs and environmental waste by minimizing redundant chargers. This mandate is new, and guidance may be subject to change. Design Develop Accessibility Common charger directive (CCD) 1.0.0 On this page Anatomy Types Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Minimum power Maximum power Watts indicator Fast charging Container Types Charger included A charger is included with the purchase of the item. Charger not included A charger is not included with the purchase of the item. Charger label Dynamic labels for the charger’s power range, watt indicator, and fast charging capabilities. Properties Power range The power range is shown with the minimum wattage first, followed by a hyphen with spaces on each side, and then the maximum wattage. Though rare, the maximum permitted range can include up to 3 digits followed by a single decimal point. Power type “W” is always visible and represents watts. It should not be changed to any other type of measure. Fast charging USB PD is only displayed when a charger has fast charging capabilities. Behavior Text wrapping Though uncommon, the power range will wrap to a maximum of two lines if it exceeds the container’s width. This may also occur if a user increases their browser’s font size settings. Fast charging USB PD is only displayed when a charger has fast charging capabilities. When a charger is not fast charging, the range and watt indicator align to the middle of the container. Minimum and maximum size The CCD components maintain the same dimensions on both small and large screens with a height of 78px, which accommodates a type size of 7px. Screen sizes Small The CCD pictograms are placed next to each other and as close to the item’s price as possible. Medium and large On larger screens, the pictograms remain the same size and placement. Best practices Size Do use the defined size of the CCD pictograms. Don’t alter the size of the CCD pictograms. Content Do follow the formatting of the power range. Don’t use other text strings as a replacement for the power range. Placement Do place the CCD pictograms as close to the item’s price as possible. Don’t place the CCD pictograms further away from the item’s price. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Jan, 2025 Created with eBay Evo Previous Carousel Next Common charger directive: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CCD #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CAROUSEL #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Carousel 2.0.1 Carousels group similar items into a horizontally scrollable container extending beyond the visible space of the screen. Design Develop Accessibility Carousel 2.0.1 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Consumable Carousels allow for a list of multiple complex items to be presented in a more consumable format. Compact Carousels condense a large list of items into a scrollable container with a smaller vertical footprint. Consistent Carousels react consistently and expectedly across all platforms. Anatomy Title Content Link button Pagination controls Properties Title Carousels are paired with a section title. The title should be short and summarize the content within the carousel. A “See all” link is appended by default to the title. The link should lead to a page with more related content. Controls Pagination controls are always visible on x-large screens. Smaller screens reveal the pagination controls on hover and focus. Behavior Title Carousels use section titles and should summarize the contents in a few words. Titles will wrap to another line if they extend beyond the container width. The “See all” link is anchored to the baseline of the title. Screen sizes Small Carousels on small screens don’t have visible controls. Users navigate carousels by using a leftward or rightward swiping gesture. Keyboard and voiceover users tab through the carousel content. Small item tile count Small screens have 1.5–2.5 tiles from 375px to 511px. Medium Carousels on medium screens reveal controls when hovering over the bounds of the carousel. Medium item tile count Medium screens have 2.5 tiles at 512px, 3.5 tiles at 768px, and 4.5 tiles at 1024px. Large Carousels on large screens will have controls visible on hover. The content can be moved via the controls or by scrolling over the content. Touch-enabled devices can also use swipe gestures. Large item tile count Large screens have 4.5 tiles at 1280px and 4.5 tiles at 1440px. X-large Carousels on x-large screens will have the controls visible at all times. The content can be moved via the controls or by scrolling over the content. Touch-enabled devices can also use swipe gestures. X-large item tile count X-large screens have 5 tiles at 1680px and above and have no visual cut on the right side. Best practices Stacking Do include a title on each carousel. Don’t stack carousels under a single title. Specs Small screen Medium, large, and x-large screen. Controls are vertically centered on the image only. Change log Version Date Notes 2.0.1 Aug, 2024 Added “Item tile count” sections to each screen size Updated specs for medium and large carousels Updated to eBay Evo 2.0.1 Oct, 2023 Fixed spacing issues 2.0.0 Oct, 2022 Updated control location Updated component composition Simplified to three sizes Updated to use new item tile component Updated to use new section title component 1.1.0 Sep, 2019 Initial publish Previous Button: Link button Next Carousel: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CAROUSEL #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LINK-BUTTON #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Link button v3.1.0 Link buttons behave similar to text links. They are primarily used for navigation and triggers, using an underline as affordance. Design Develop Accessibility Link button v3.1.0 On this page Considerations Usage guidelines Anatomy Properties Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Clear The text makes it clear where this action will take the user. Identifiable Links are familiar and easily identifiable amongst other content. Concise Link text should be short. It’s best to aim for fewer than 5 words. Usage guidelines When to use Navigating between pages or editing states Actions that follow a short description of contents When not to use Actions that manipulate data or how its displayed Actions that change state Anatomy Title Underline Properties Strong Strong buttons are primary actions to take in an application. This can sit inline with content or standalone. Subtle Subtle links are still a primary action, it’s recommended to use this to align with the foreground color of secondary text. White White is used within components that utilize a colored background like alert notices. This particular example uses the foreground onSuccess color token. Learn more about these token values in Color tokens . Branded Branded link buttons use the same foreground color as text within banners and other branded experiences. Size There are three sizes for links according to the size of the content around it. This is generally Subtitle 2 (16/24), Body (14/20), and Caption (12/16). Standalone links can use whichever size is most appropriate for their context. Learn more about type sizes in Typography tokens . Behavior Underline Standalone link buttons are placed on their own line close to the relevant content and contain an underline by default. No underline The underline can be omitted if the context is clear, such as in navigational lists. Non-underlined links are less accessible so avoid using them for critical or important links. When in doubt, use an underline. States States are used to indicate levels of interaction when hovering a link button. The available states are enabled, hover, focused, and disabled. They follow the same patterns as Text Links . Learn more about the state layer color values in Color tokens . Best practices Content Do use words that describe where the link leads and what content is expected. Don’t use lengthy words that create longer strings. They add unnecessary detail. Underline Do always use an underline with standalone link buttons. Don’t remove the underline for links near other content. This can easily get lost and are inaccessible to low-sight users. Do consider removing the underline in a large list of link buttons, such as in footer and other navigational lists. Don’t add the underline on large lists of link buttons. This adds visual complexity when the context is already clear. Titles Do use links in body copy or footnotes. Don’t use links for titles or headlines. Specs Large Large standalone links are Subtitle 2 (16/24) type size in regular weight. Medium Medium standalone links are Body (14/20) type size in regular weight. Small Small standalone links are Caption (12/16) type size in regular weight. Change log Version Date Notes 3.1.0 Aug, 2024 Added “underline” behavior and updated best practice examples 3.1.0 Jul, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 3.1.0 Mar, 2023 Updated “borderless” value to “text” Converted Standalone Link component into Link button Renamed “role” property into “type” 3.0.0 Dec, 2022 Added state-layer component to handle state logic Removed hover and pressed state from button component after adding state-layer Added borderless button variant Staged update for split button (currently testing) Cleaned up component property and value labels Renamed “label” layer to “title” Renamed “icon” layer to “leading-icon” 2.0.0 Jun, 2022 Updated to use new component properties feature Updated tertiary button style to improve contrast and accessibility Added 32px size for use in components Updated 40px size label to md Added 48px size icon button to match other buttons Combined destructive and default buttons together as a “role” property Updated interactive states to use new state-layer logic 1.6.0 Aug, 2021 Added B5 for hover states Added R5 and R6 for destructive button hover and active states Updated button component architecture to use variants Added tertiary button option Added icon button Added destructive button with all hierarchy levels Previous Icon button Next Link button: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LINK-BUTTON #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ICON-BUTTON #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Icon button v3.1.0 Icon buttons help direct and capture user action and intent. They are compact with no visible label. Design Develop Accessibility Icon button v3.1.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Recognizable Icons used within icon buttons should be easily recognizable. Avoid ambiguous icons that could mean different things in the same context. Distinct Each icon button on a page should be distinct. Avoid using duplicate icon buttons for the same function on a single page, except for common actions like save or overflow. Compact Icon buttons are helpful in dense layouts like tables and dashboards. Their smaller footprint allows for more visible actions before collapsing into overflow buttons. Anatomy Icon Container Properties Icon Icons buttons are used to quickly identify available actions. Common actions, like save or search, can omit titles and use the icon alone. View available icons in the Icon library . Avoid using an icon alone when the meaning is ambiguous, unclear, or unfamiliar. Background Icon buttons need to remain visible against their background. There are onSecondary and onElevated fill variants that help maintain that subtle contrast against the background. Learn more about background colors on the Color tokens page. Size Buttons are available in small, medium, and large sizes. Small and medium sizes are used the most across smaller screens. The small size is primarily used in popover elements and placed over images on item tiles to provide visual balance and conserve space. However, the small size still aims for a 48x48px tap target. Toggled states Buttons can swap icons based on data states. There are several icons within our library that have a “Filled” counterpart to indicate whether a state is toggled on. The “Outlined” version indicates it is toggled off. Pending Buttons can show a pending state for actions that take longer to respond. The loading spinner replaces all content within the button and disables further interaction of the button until loading is complete. The button does not transition to a disabled (grey) state during this time. This can significantly impact the user experience and expected timeframe of your interaction. Work with your development team to reduce lag time between states to avoid these pending states. Behavior Minimum tap targets The recommended minimum accessibility tap target for buttons is 48x48. Tooltips Icon buttons reveal the label in a tooltip on hover or long-press. Button group A button group contains multiple buttons of related actions. A group can contain a single button type or a mix of CTA, destructive, link, and/or icon buttons. Additional actions can be nested under an icon button at the end of a button group. Pending delay The pending state has a delay of 1000ms before the spinner appears to avoid unnecessary flickering of the spinner during quick responses. While pending states are currently supported for icon buttons, we want to have as little latency for quick actions as possible. An end user should almost never see this state if the experience is properly optimizing for user interaction. State Buttons use interactive state layers for states. The available states are enabled, hover, pressed, focused, disabled, and pending. Learn more about the state layer color values in Color tokens . Best practices Backgrounds When placing icon buttons over a Secondary background, be sure to use the color.background.onSecondary color token. Don’t place an icon button on a Secondary background without using the color.background.onSecondary color token. If the background isn’t changed, the circle will disappear. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 3.1.0 Jul, 2023 Corrected “pending delay” latency from 100ms to 1000ms Updated to eBay Evo 3.1.0 Mar, 2023 Updated “borderless” value to “text” Converted Standalone Link component into Link button Renamed “role” property into “type” 3.0.0 Dec, 2022 Added state-layer component to handle state logic Removed hover and pressed state from button component after adding state-layer Added borderless button variant Staged update for split button (currently testing) Cleaned up component property and value labels Renamed “label” layer to “title” Renamed “icon” layer to “leading-icon” 2.0.0 Jun, 2022 Updated to use new component properties feature Updated tertiary button style to improve contrast and accessibility Added 32px size for use in components Updated 40px size label to md Added 48px size icon button to match other buttons Combined destructive and default buttons together as a “role” property Updated interactive states to use new state-layer logic 1.6.0 Aug, 2021 Added B5 for hover states Added R5 and R6 for destructive button hover and active states Updated button component architecture to use variants Added tertiary button option Added icon button Added destructive button with all hierarchy levels Previous CTA button Next Icon button: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ICON-BUTTON #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CTA-BUTTON #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload CTA button 3.1.0 CTA buttons present the primary actions within a flow to help guide users through experiences. Design Develop Accessibility CTA button 3.1.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Style properties Role properties Additional properties Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Hierarchy Buttons communicate the importance of the actions on a screen. Consistent Buttons appear in consistent places throughout the experience. Clear Labels are short and express the action that will occur when pressed. Anatomy Lead icon Title Trailing icon Container Style properties Primary Primary buttons represent the most important action on a page. They guide users to the next step in completing a task. There should only be a single primary action per screen. Secondary Secondary buttons have less visual weight and are used for non-primary actions. Avoid using them in isolation or as primary positive actions that progress an experience. Tertiary Tertiary buttons are for low-priority actions. They can be used in isolation or paired with a primary button for increased contrast. These actions usually supplement a primary task. Borderless Borderless buttons represent lower-priority actions. They are used within other components as optional actions or within button groups. Role properties Default Use default buttons for routine, safe actions. They are used for tasks like "Accept," "Save," "Next," or "Cancel." These buttons are suitable for non-critical operations that do not lead to significant changes or data loss, ensuring a smooth user experience for regular interactions. Destructive Use destructive buttons when an action will remove user data. Higher-impact decisions should use the bolder primary style while less-impactful decisions can use the secondary or tertiary styles. Additional properties Button title Titles use a verb + noun structure to describe what the button will do when pressed. Icons There are two icon slots available, a leading and a trailing icon. Use lead icons alongside titles to visually reinforce their meaning and draw attention. Use trailing icons for disclosure of additional behavior, like a chevron indicating a popover menu will appear when the button is pressed. Size Buttons are available in small, medium, and large sizes. Large is the default size and is preferred on smaller screens. The small size is primarily used in popover elements to provide visual balance and conserve space. However, the small size still aims for a 48x48px tap target. Width Buttons can span the width of their container or fit to their contents. For either option, buttons adhere to their minimum and maximum widths. Pending Buttons can show a pending state for actions that take longer to respond. The loading spinner replaces all content within the button and disables further interaction of the button until loading is complete. The button does not transition to a disabled (gray) state during this time. Behavior Minimum width The minimum width for basic and destructive buttons is 2x the height of the button. Split buttons have a minimum width of 4x the height of the button. Maximum width The maximum width for buttons is 10x the height of the button. Minimum tap targets The recommended minimum tap target for buttons is 48x48. Text overflow Titles that extend beyond the width of the button container will wrap to a new line to ensure the title remains visible for all languages. Button group A button group contains multiple buttons of related actions. A group can contain a single button type or a mix of CTA, destructive, link, and icon buttons. Use a button group when nesting additional actions in an overflow icon button. Pending delay The pending state has a delay of 1000ms before the spinner appears to avoid unnecessary flickering of the spinner during quick responses. State Buttons use state layers for interaction states. The available states are enabled, hover, pressed, focused, disabled, and pending. Learn more about the state layer color values in Color tokens . Best practices Hierarchy Only use 1 primary button per screen. Use secondary, tertiary, or text buttons for other actions. Avoid more than one primary button on the screen as it reduces the clarity of what should be done next. Label content Labels should use verbs and indicate what will happen when the button is pressed. Don’t use adjectives, nouns, or past tense in labels. Icons Use icons when it helps clarify an action. Avoid overusing icons in buttons for decorative purposes. This adds unnecessary noise to the UI. Do use a single icon in the leading or trailing position. Don’t use both leading and trailing icons in the same button. Pending state The pending state only replaces the content within the button. Don’t override the button color when pending. This is unnecessary and renders the content visually inaccessible. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 3.1.0 Jul, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 3.1.0 Mar, 2023 Updated “borderless” value to “text” Converted Standalone Link component into Link button Renamed “role” property into “type” 3.0.0 Dec, 2022 Added state-layer component to handle state logic Removed hover and pressed state from button component after adding state-layer Added borderless button variant Staged update for split button (currently testing) Cleaned up component property and value labels Renamed “label” layer to “title” Renamed “icon” layer to “leading-icon” 2.0.0 Jun, 2022 Updated to use new component properties feature Updated tertiary button style to improve contrast and accessibility Added 32px size for use in components Updated 40px size label to md Added 48px size icon button to match other buttons Combined destructive and default buttons together as a “role” property Updated interactive states to use new state-layer logic 1.6.0 Aug, 2021 Added B5 for hover states Added R5 and R6 for destructive button hover and active states Updated button component architecture to use variants Added tertiary button option Added icon button Added destructive button with all hierarchy levels Previous Branded button Next CTA button: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CTA-BUTTON #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BRANDED-BUTTON #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Branded button v3.1.0 Branded buttons tie eBay’s CTA to our marketing palette. Design Develop Accessibility Branded button v3.1.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Use sparingly Branded buttons provide an extended palette for greater expression, but overuse can affect their prominence over time. Use branded buttons sparingly. Theming Branded buttons help maintain a cohesive theme to marketing placements using the broader marketing color palette. Standard placement Branded buttons are always paired with a marketing statement within a banner or card. They don’t appear alone and are rarely used in button groups. Anatomy Title Container Properties Title Titles are short and sweet with a max character count of 20. Keep the title related to what the action will do. Color Branded buttons inherit the expressive theme of their parent container. Learn more about using color within banners on the Banner component page and in Using color in marketing . Behavior Width In contrast to CTA buttons, branded buttons always hug their content. They don’t fill the width of their parent container. Minimum width The minimum width for basic and destructive buttons is 2x the height of the button. Maximum width The maximum width for buttons is 10x the height of the button. While a wide button is possible, it is also rare. Expect to keep the button width to the size of it’s contents since there should be no more than 20 characters within. Height Branded buttons use the medium button size across branded contexts. Text overflow Titles that extend beyond the width of the button container will wrap to a new line to ensure the title remains visible for all languages. State Buttons use state layers for states. The available states are enabled, hover, pressed, and focused. The focused state outline should match the button’s color theme. Learn more about the state layer color values in Color tokens . Best practices Button color Use the proper pre-selected foreground, background, and button color for the selected theme. Don’t deviate from the pre-selected color palettes. Icons Branded buttons are meant to clearly tie into our marketing campaigns. Icons are not currently recommended. Icons are not supported within branded buttons. Refrain from using icons to avoid assigning arbitrary meaning to our iconography sets. Button titles Work closely with your content and marketing partners to deliver button titles that use an “Verb + noun” structure that is less than 20 characters. Don’t use ambiguous titles that make understanding the action being taken difficult or misleading. Don’t use more than 20 characters. Themes Don’t mix colors from different themes. Don’t create your own color combinations. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 3.1.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 3.1.0 Mar, 2023 Updated “borderless” value to “text” Converted Standalone Link component into Link button Renamed “role” property into “type” 3.0.0 Dec, 2022 Added state-layer component to handle state logic Removed hover and pressed state from button component after adding state-layer Added borderless button variant Staged update for split button (currently testing) Cleaned up component property and value labels Renamed “label” layer to “title” Renamed “icon” layer to “leading-icon” 2.0.0 Jun, 2022 Updated to use new component properties feature Updated tertiary button style to improve contrast and accessibility Added 32px size for use in components Updated 40px size label to md Added 48px size icon button to match other buttons Combined destructive and default buttons together as a “role” property Updated interactive states to use new state-layer logic 1.6.0 Aug, 2021 Added B5 for hover states Added R5 and R6 for destructive button hover and active states Updated button component architecture to use variants Added tertiary button option Added icon button Added destructive button with all hierarchy levels Previous Button: Overview Next Branded button: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BRANDED-BUTTON #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BUTTON #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Button Buttons help direct and capture user action and intent. Design Develop Button On this page Types Choosing a button Hierarchy Placement Change log Types CTA Button Branded button Icon button Link button Choosing a button Each button type serves a specific purpose. Choose a button type according to the screen’s context to maintain a clear and effective experience. CTA A button designed to grab the user's attention and prompt an immediate response. Learn more about using CTA buttons . Branded An expressive button used in branded marketing placements to call attention using a broader color range. Learn more about using Branded buttons . Icon A button that uses an icon instead of text to convey its action, often used for common tasks like search, settings, or creating a new item. Learn more about using Icon buttons . Link A button styled to look like a hyperlink, used when the action involves navigation to another page. Learn more about using Link buttons . Hierarchy Button hierarchy is essential to visually emphasize the most important actions through size, color, and placement. This prioritization aids users in navigating intuitively and efficiently. Only a single primary action should be used on a page. Placement Button placement depends on the space available, the number of buttons present, and the context of the buttons. Single primary Use a single primary button for the most important action on the page. Vertical stack Use a vertical button stack when the space is narrow and the buttons have titles. Overflow An overflow icon button can be placed inline next to a CTA button when there are two or more related, but low-priority actions. Horizontal stack Use a horizontal stack when there is enough room. This is common in dialogs and cards. The highest emphasis button is aligned to the trailing edge of the container in a horizontal stack. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Breadcrumb Next Button: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BUTTON #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BREADCRUMB #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Breadcrumb v2.2.0 Breadcrumbs show the navigational hierarchy of a page. Design Develop Accessibility Breadcrumb v2.2.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Guiding Breadcrumbs help wayfinding no matter how many layers. Hierarchal Breadcrumbs show a user's current location within the hierarchy of a site. Contextual Breadcrumbs help users understand what screen they're on relative to the information architecture. Anatomy Page link Separator Overflow Properties Default By default, the first item is the root category page and the last item is the most immediate parent page. Pages within the hierarchy are separated by a chevron to indicate the hierarchical relationship. Last item as current The last item in the hierarchy can be the current page title if it is valuable to include, and it should be static, not interactive. Overflow Use an overflow control to collapse pages when there are 4 or more labels visible to avoid extending elements offscreen. Overflow can also be used if multiple parent pages have truncated labels. The width of the parent container informs how many items are collapsed into an overflow and whether or not the last page is truncated. Behavior Character count While titles can vary in size, the preferred character count for titles is 24 characters and under. Multiple long labels Only 1 label should be truncated within the hierarchy. If multiple labels are long, collapse all but the last page into the overflow menu. Screen sizes Small Web collapses all parent pages into an overflow and only surfaces the last item. Native apps do not use breadcrumbs. Instead, use the top navigation bar with a back action. Web Native Medium Native apps do not use breadcrumbs. Instead, use the top navigation bar and a back action, or a navigation rail. Large Breadcrumbs on larger screens are located below the global navigation and above the page title or other page content. Best practices Number of labels Do keep the number of items visible to no more than 4. Collapse pages into an overflow if there are more. Don’t have more than 4 labels visible. This can get overwhelming and is unnecessary to convey the general context. Label length Do collapse all labels except for the first and last items if there are multiple long labels. Do not show more than 24 characters or let labels wrap to a new line. Navigation augmentation Do use breadcrumbs in addition to navigation. Do not use breadcrumbs as primary wayfinding. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 2.2.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.2.0 Apr, 2023 Updated 12px chevrons to use 12px artboards and adjusted spacing specs 2.1.0 Nov, 2022 Updated overflow button to use icon button background Created overflow button component with states Updated max-width for page labels Increased size of overflow button from 20x20 to 24x24 2.0.0 Jun, 2022 Added overflow menu property Updated page limit to 4 before collapsing into an overflow menu Added truncation rules Breadcrumbs no longer scroll or wrap Updated to use appropriate color style tokens Previous Banner Next Breadcrumb: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BREADCRUMB #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BANNER #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Banner v2.2.0 Banners give users visibility to curations, promotions, events, and programs with a CTA that drives them to explore more. Design Develop Accessibility Banner v2.2.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Types Sizes Properties Dark mode Assets and scaling Making it legible Interactive areas Examples Best practices Change log Considerations Expressive Banners use full-bleed color and photography to immerse users in a mood, season, or story. Resonant Personalize banners for each user by using what we know about them to show content that resonates. Relevant Banners appear at the moments they are most relevant to the user and always consider context and situation. Anatomy Signal Headline Action Disclaimer Image Body Destination card Destination link Types Image background Image background banners have a single action button and a full-bleed image that extends edge to edge as the background. A drop shadow on the text and a radial gradient will automatically be applied behind the text area to ensure that all content is legible. Specs for the gradient and drop shadow can be found in the Making it legible section. Specs for asset size and safe zones of full-bleed images can be found in the Assets and scaling section. Color background Color background banners have a single action button and a single color background chosen based on a theme. Our color themes have pre-defined background and foreground colors for the text and button. You can find all of our brand-approved color combinations on our Using color page. Images used in this banner type utilize transparent PNG’s that sit on top of the background color. You can find specs for asset size and safe zones in the Assets and scaling section. Inset image Inset banners also have a single action button and images used in this banner type utilize lifestyle or studio PNG’s. The only available color for this template is our lightest gray background (N200) with black text. You can find specs for asset size and safe zones in the Assets and scaling section. Multi-destination Multi-destination banners promote sales or events that link to multiple different destinations. Destinations should feature specific categories, brands, or price points and utilize a PNG with transparent background to represent it. These banners always use a single color background from our pre-defined color themes which can be found on our Using color page. Loyalty Loyalty banners promote sales or events that link to a single destination. They are used on dense, performance-focused shopping pages where height is a concern and/or there is no relevant image associated with the content. These banners always use a single color background from our pre-defined color themes which can be found on Using color . Sizes Each banner type has tall and short variants. Tall banners are used on educational and support landing pages where height is not a concern and building trust is the main goal. Short banners are used on dense, performance-focused shopping pages where height is a concern. Properties Overline An overline is an optional piece of text that appears above the headline in all caps and can also support an optional custom SVG. Overlines are used when highlighting items from a certain category, sale, program, or a partner logo. The max character count is 33 and max height for SVGs is 24px. Body copy is never shown in tandem with an overline on mobile. Larger screens will show overline, headline, and body but if an overline is present, it will never show the body copy on mobile. Headline Headlines are required for all banners and are shown on every screen size. They should grab the users attention and quickly tell in a few words what the banner is about without needing extra body copy. The max character count is 33. Body Body copy provides additional information about the promotion, event, or program. It is required for all banners—however, it does not show on mobile if the banner has an overline. From a content perspective, the headline is the primary message and always does the heavy lifting, while the body is supplemental. Max character count for body copy is 65. Action Action text sits within the button and explains what the button will do. Actions are concise, with a max character count of 20. Disclaimer Disclaimers are optional and only used when absolutely necessary. For example, to show that a sale or event has a deadline or T&Cs apply. Part or all of disclaimers can be clickable. Max character count is 65. Theme A theme changes the color of the background and foreground elements. Generally, the color theme should be derived from the associated image used within the banner. Color banners have 17 color themes. Level Each color theme has 3 levels that increase the prominence of the banner. They are Light, Medium, and Dark. Dark mode In dark mode, banners do not change color. This ensures the contrast between the background color and the image is always maintained. Assets and scaling All banners are designed to be responsive at any screen size. The banner height, image size, and text size is relative to the width of the viewport and aligns to the grid. All banners extend to the left and right edges of the viewport until it reaches the page’s max width. When the viewport extends past the page’s max content area, the banner stops scaling and remains the max width of the page grid, inset with margins and a 16px corner radius. Check the breakpoints below to see how the image and text areas scale based on the page grid. Image background banners Banner scaling Single destination banners with image backgrounds utilize a larger full-bleed image that sits behind the text. Safe zones below mark the areas that will be safe from cropping or text overlapping at various sizes. Image background asset Assets should be 1740px by 600px and primary content should stay within the 355px by 346px safe zone. Anything outside of the safe zone is at risk of getting cut off or covered with text at smaller sizes. Use the figma banner components from the Design system as a template and turn on the toggle titled “Image safe zone” to see where it will land on your photo. Color background banners Banner scaling Single destination banners with color backgrounds use one PNG with a transparent background that sits on top of the background color and is separated from the text box so they will never overlap. On small screens, the image sits beneath the button and text. On larger screens, the image sits to the right of where the text is. Check the component to see how it scales in short banners and other variants. Color background asset Asset is 840px by 600px with a 730px by 400px safe zone vertically centered & anchored to left. No part of the image should bleed off the top edge. If it does, it will look awkwardly cropped on small screens when the text stacks above the asset. Or, you can create a separate mobile override asset that will be used on screens 600px and smaller with the product arranged differently inside it. Mobile override assets are the same dimensions with the same safe zone. Use the banner components from the Design system as a template and turn on the toggle named “Image safe zone” to see where it will land on your photo. Inset image banners Banner scaling Inset image banners utilize a single PNG asset that includes the background color and gets scaled inside a shape that’s inset from the background color. On small screens the image sits beneath the button and text. On larger screen sizes the image sits to the right of the text zone. The image area scales down when controls are present. Check the component to see how it scales inside short banners and other variants. Inset image asset Asset is 840px by 600px and will get centered inside the shape. Use the banner components from the Design system as a template. Multi-destination banners Banner scaling Multi-destination banners utilize 3 separate and transparent square PNG’s that get centered inside 3 card shapes with padding around each. Safe zones below show how each card is scaled in tall banners at various screen sizes. Check the component to see how they scale in short banners and other variants. Multi-destination color background asset Each asset should be 580px by 580px with a transparent background. No part of the image should get cut off inside the asset. Use the banner components from the Design system as a template and turn on the toggle named “Image safe zone” to see where it will land on your photo. Multi-destination lifestyle image asset Each asset should be 580px by 725px and utilize imagery that has a lifestyle or studio background. Use the banner components from the Design system as a template and turn on the toggle named “Image safe zone” to see where it will land on your photo. Making it legible To ensure legibility of any text that is layered over photography, we apply our standard black scrim in #000000 at 5% opacity over the entire photo, plus an additional radial gradient in #030819 at 70% opacity centered behind the text. The shape of the radial gradient is a tilted oval that stretches over the bounds of the image and scales with the size of it. This helps the text stand out without looking like there’s a shape behind it. Lastly, we also apply a 100% opacity drop shadow in #000000 on any text that sits on top of photography to ensure legibility. Interactive areas Banners can have multiple interactive areas depending on the type of banner it is, if it has a disclaimer link, and if there are multiple banners in a carousel or not. Generally, the entire image will link to the primary button destination. However, disclaimer links and carousel controls have their own tap targets within the banner area and go to separate destinations. Single destination Multi destination Carousel controls When multiple banners appear in a carousel, dot indicators appear at the bottom to show how many there are. On HTML screens larger than 599px wide, carousels auto-scroll and controls are available in the bottom right corner. Controls allow the user to go back, forward, or pause. When user taps pause, the pause icon becomes a play icon. On native and HTML screens smaller than 599px wide, we do not use carousels and therefore have no controls Interactive feedback Buttons, links, and controls in banners use the same hover and pressed states as they do elsewhere in product. Banners use Branded buttons for CTA’s, Link buttons for disclaimer links and multi-destination links, and Icon buttons for controls. Check out the respective pages for more detail on state layers and interactivity. Controls on various backgrounds Dot indicators are always the color of the text and control buttons have a 90% white background with a “subtle” drop shadow. Examples Best practices Do disperse banners throughout the page. Don’t stack banners directly on top of each other. Photography Do choose photos that aren’t too busy behind the text. Don’t choose photos with too much detail on the left. It will make the text harder to read. Do make sure important features like faces are kept within the safe zone. Don’t let important features in the photo extend outside the safe zone if it’s critical to the message. They will get covered by text. Do choose photography with a dark enough background on the left side to ensure legibility of white text.  A dark gradient will be applied over your photo to ensure legibility and it should be unnoticeable. Don’t choose photography with a very light, plain background. It will make the text hard to read and the gradient stand out unnaturally. Color Do use a single color family and make sure cards on multi-destination banners are always neutral 100. Don’t mix multiple color families or pick custom colors for destination cards, even if it matches the photos inside. Controls Do make sure controls are always visible when multiple banners are shown in a carousel and auto-scrolled. Don’t remove controls when banners auto-scroll. Pause must always be present when banners auto-scroll. Badges & logos Do use the overline area to display program badges and partner logos. Don’t include program badges or partner logos in the image. They will scale text incorrectly and may get cropped or violate accessibility contrast guidelines. Change log Version Date Notes 2.2.0 Jul, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 2.2.0 Apr, 2024 Added new Inset Image template Updated Multi-CTA template to use card shapes behind images on large screen Removed chevrons on Multi-CTA destination links Reduced size and weight on Multi-CTA destination links Added a “type” property to Multi-CTA banner with product and lifestyle values Added a new Card banner with different card layouts Moved disclaimer placement to always below the button on all templates Updated color themes to use 400, 500 and 700 levels and new color palette hex values 2.1.0 Feb, 2024 Added a “height” property Added new “short” variants Added a Loyalty banner component Reduced variants in favor of leveraging modes for color theme and level properties Added safe-zone-preview to Full image banner Renamed Multi-destination banner to Multi-cta banner Updated size of title and subtitle on color and Multi-cta banners Updated asset sizes and safe zones 2.0.0 Mar, 2023 Updated from outlined square buttons to solid fully round buttons and removed arrows from buttons Updated headline size on all banners Updated medium and large screen banners to have vertically centered typography instead of top left-aligned. Updated height of all banners to accommodate larger headline size and give photography more room to breathe. Updated scaling behavior of all banners to utilize the sapce better and fix issues with text overlapping images at certain sizes Updated asset size and safe zone placement for image background photos so they can extend behind text Removed color block behind text in full-bleed banners and replaced with a 70% radial gradient + 5% black drop shadown on text to ensure legibility Updated asset size for color background banners Updated requirements for color background banner assets to have transparent backgrounds. This ensures that color backgrounds are always using a brand color and that the image background always matches Updated requirements for multi-destination banner assets to have transparent backgrounds and not include text. This ensures that the background color for every destination is the same as the background of the banner and that text doesn’t get scaled up or down when scaled. Added “overline” text that also supports custom SVG’s to ensure there is a consistent place to call out sales, display program badges, and feature logos that is always accessbile and legible Removed ad banners Previous Badge Next Banner: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BANNER #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BADGE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Badge v1.5.0 A badge is a visual indicator that notifies users of numeric values. Design Develop Accessibility Badge v1.5.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Noticeable Badges stand out from the surrounding UI to highlight important information. Minimal Badges are just loud enough—easily noticed but not distracting. Global A badge tracks notifications globally across the experience. Anatomy Label Container Properties Labels Labels are required to indicate the number of notifications available. Size There are 3 sizes available to fit values in the ones, tens, and hundreds values. Behavior Badges can appear in the top-right of icon buttons or inline next to text. Icon buttons Badges are placed in the top-right quadrant of an icon button to avoid obscuring the icon within the button. Inline When used with text labels, badges are placed to the right and vertically aligned to the text cap height. Maximum The maximum number shown is 99. When there are more than 99 notifications, a “+” will be appended to the label. Screen sizes Badges remain the same size and layout across platforms and screen sizes. Small Large Best practices Placement Do place badges in the top-right of icon buttons or inline to the right of a text label. Don’t customize the placement of badges. Maximum Do adhere to our maximum values. Don’t customize the badge to allow for numbers larger than 99. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.5.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.5.0 Oct, 2022 Added a size property for one value, two values, or maximum Updated outline to align “inside” and included outline in overall dimensions Updated text box to dictate badge size 1.4.0 Sep, 2022 Added positioning guidance for buttons 1.3.0 Jun, 2022 Added dark mode version Updated to use appropriate color style tokens Previous Avatar Next Badge: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BADGE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/AVATAR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Avatar v1.1.0 Avatars are visual representations of users and stores. Design Develop Accessibility Avatar v1.1.0 On this page Considerations Types Properties Behavior Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Human Avatars help humanize the product experience by connecting users with the product and to each other. Personalized Avatars are meant to be personalized and work most efficiently when they are representative of the customer, user, or brand. Types Avatars appear across our experience as helpful assets that indicate functional states and user interactions. They become more visually representative as users personalize them. We use 4 core avatar variations. Signed-out Default Image eBay Signed-out We use signed-out avatars when a new user comes to eBay for the first time or when a current user completely signs out. This variation has no personalized attributes since there’s nothing to display without access to user information. Default We automatically assign a default avatar when a new user signs up for an account without uploading a custom image. The avatar’s color is assigned from our 8 color combinations based on user ID. Within the avatar is the first character of the user ID. The characters A–Z, <>’*”, 0–9 can be used. When letters are placed, they should always be uppercased. This avatar follows the user throughout their experience until they upload a custom image. User selected image Users can personalize their avatars to better represent their authentic selves. We use the image avatar for photos, logos, and artwork to provide customization for users. These customized avatars help improve comprehension by facilitating identification through imagery instead of just text. eBay We use the eBay avatar to let users know they’re communicating directly with eBay through their shopping experience. This avatar typically appears within the messaging experience and through email correspondence. Properties Size Since we use avatars across native and web experiences, they’re displayed in various sizes. Our avatars are designed at 48px and are scaled up or down from there. Our 7 core avatar sizes are 32, 40, 48, 56, 64, 96, and 128 pixels. The character in the avatar does not scale up or honor larger font-size settings. It's treated more like an "icon." Color Our default avatar uses a balanced family of 8 color combinations. Learn more about these color combinations in the Color pairing tool . Behavior While users usually upload and adjust their avatars, there are instances where system-level adjustments are necessary. Cropping and scrim application are the two most beneficial aspects in these situations. Image cropping (square and 4:3) Square, 4:3, and aspect ratios in between are set to "fill." These dimensions allow images to fully occupy the avatar’s shape with minimal cropping of the original content. Image cropping (below 4:3) Crops narrower than a 4:3 aspect ratio, such as 16:9 or more extreme formats, are adjusted to “fit.” This ensures that logos and other important areas of an image are not inadvertently cut off. Image scrim The avatar component uses the image component, which automatically applies a subtle scrim over the image. This scrim helps maintain a clear visual outline, even when extreme or unexpected cropping occurs or when a white background is used. Best practices Sizing Do use the provided avatar sizes. Don’t create arbitrary sizes. Styling Do use the 8 color combinations provided for the default avatar. Don’t create custom color palettes for the default avatar. Do use a single character within the default avatar. Don’t use more than one character within the default avatar. Do use uppercase for the character within the default avatar. Don’t use lowercase for the character within the default avatar. Do use a circle shape for avatars. Don’t use other shapes for avatars. Do use approved characters (A–Z, <>’*”, 0–9) in the default avatar. Don’t use emojis or other unapproved characters in the default avatar. Do use the signed-out avatar to represent signed-out users. Don’t use the signed-out avatar to represent signed-in users. Image handling Do follow the image cropping guidance. 16:9 ratio images are set to “fit”. Don’t set 16:9 ratio images to “fill,” as this will result in poor cropping. Do use the image scrim over all image-based avatars. Don’t remove the image scrim, as this can lead to a poorly cropped avatar with an unclear outline. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.3.0 Aug, 2024 Added behavior section with image cropping and scrim guidance Added image behavior best practice examples 1.2.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Changed “Default” avatar to “Dynamic” 1.1.0 Nov, 2023 Updated colors for the dynamic avatars 1.0.0 Dec, 2022 Initial release Previous Alert notice: Section notice Next Avatar: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/AVATAR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SECTION-NOTICE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Section notice v4.0.0 Section notices are lower-priority messages that communicate status of a section of content. Design Develop Accessibility Section notice v4.0.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Title Icon Button Body Close/dismiss Properties Title A bolded title is optional. Use a title to quickly summarize the purpose of the notice. Keep titles short, no more than 60 characters, and avoid repeating the body text. Body The body text is required for all notices. Aim for 1-2 lines. If the body content exceeds 3 lines, consider whether a different design treatment might be better suited to accommodate the length of the message. For actionable notices, the text should inform the user of a next step. Dismiss Alert notices can include a dismiss button that removes the notice from the page layout. This is helpful for general or supplemental information provided by the notice. Actionable Actionable notices include a link button below or beside the body text. It is recommended that notices include an action that helps resolve them. Semantic All alert notices are semantic. The available options are information, attention, confirmation, and general. Choose the semantic type depending on the type of message. The icons cannot be customized, and only three options are available: information, attention, and confirmation. Behavior Placement Section notices appear on load as part of the page layout and are inset. Content shifts to fill the space when a section notice is dismissed. Section notices should always be dismissible or resolvable, not a permanent part of a design. Overflow All text content will wrap if wider than the container. Avoid wrapping for button titles and titles where possible. Layout The action can be stacked below the content or inline with the content. By default, small screens have the action below, while large screens have the action pinned to the right. The action should remain below the body content if it spans more than 2 lines on small screens. Screen sizes Small Section notices are inset and can be directly beneath the global header or placed next to other related elements. The action can be below or beside the body content depending on the content length. Large Section notices are inset and can be directly beneath the global header or placed next to other related elements. Their content adheres to the max width of the grid. Best practices Content Do keep body copy in regular weight to maintain enough visual separation from the action. Don’t use bold weight for the body copy. The action becomes more difficult to discern from the main content. Stacking Do show one section notice at a time and replace it with next priority section notice after the user dismisses or addresses it. Avoid stacking section notices. Stacked section notices can quickly become overwhelming. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Aug, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 4.0.0 Oct, 2022 The page, section, and inline notices have been recombined into a single Figma component to align with coded components. Content overrides should not reset, but this may lead to inline notice components showing a close icon and action when changes are accepted. Select the instances and toggle the “Actionable?” and “Dismissible?” properties to hide those elements. Added a “Level” property to choose between a page, section, or inline notice. Consolidated values for the “Action location” property as “below” and “beside.” Renamed “Show action” and “Show close icon” properties as “Actionable?” and “Dismissible?” respectively. Updated default values for body and title text properties. Toggled the new “simplify all instances” to hide layers without properties and simplify the property panel. 3.0.1 Jul, 2022 Fixed width of close icon container Updated alignment from center to top when the action is on the right. 3.0.0 Jun, 2022 Updated icon from medium to small Converted to using component properties New properties Semantic type Action location Show title Show action Show close icon Title content Body content Action label Updated layer name Cleaned up hidden layers Streamlined layer structure 2.2.0 May, 2022 Converted Level property values into unique components [Level=Page] is now “Alert page notice” [Level=Section] is now “Section page notice” [Level=Inline] is now “Inline page notice” Previous Page notice Next Section notice: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SECTION-NOTICE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PAGE-NOTICE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Page notice v4.0.0 Page notices communicate high-priority information at a page level. They are bold and prominent to capture attention. Design Develop Accessibility Page notice v4.0.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Title Icon Button Body Close/dismiss Properties Title A bolded title is optional. Use a title to quickly summarize the purpose of the notice. Keep titles short, no more than 60 characters, and avoid repeating the body text. Body The body text is required for all notices. Aim for 1-2 lines. If the body content exceeds 3 lines, consider whether a different design treatment might be better suited to accommodate the length of the message. For actionable notices, the text should inform the user of a next step. Dismiss Alert notices can include a dismiss button that removes the notice from the page layout. This is helpful for general or supplemental information provided by the notice. Actionable Actionable notices include a link button below or beside the body text. It is recommended that notices include an action that helps resolve them. Semantic All alert notices are semantic. The available options are information, attention, confirmation, and general. Choose the semantic type depending on the type of message. The icons cannot be customized, and only three options are available: information, attention, and confirmation. Behavior Placement Page notices appear on load as part of the page layout and extend edge to edge. Content shifts to fill the space when a page notice is dismissed. Alert page notices should always be dismissible or resolvable, not a permanent part of a design. Overflow All text content will wrap if wider than the container. Avoid wrapping for button titles and titles where possible. Layout The action can be stacked below the content or inline with the content. By default, small screens have the action below, while large screens have the action pinned to the right. The action should remain below the body content if it spans more than 2 lines on small screens. Screen sizes Small Page notices are full-width and directly beneath the global header. The action can be below or beside the body content depending on the content length. Inline and section notices appear near their related elements. Large Page notices are full-width and directly beneath the top navigation elements. Their content adheres to the max width of the grid. Inline and section notices appear next to their related elements. Best practices Timing Do keep page notices temporary and provide a solution to remove the page notice. Don't use page notices without a clear solution or as a permanent part of the design. Content Do keep body copy in regular weight to maintain enough visual separation from the action. Don’t use bold weight for the body copy. The button becomes more difficult to discern from the main content. Stacking Do show one page notice at a time and replace it with next priority page notice after the user dismisses or addresses it. Avoid stacking page notices. Stacked page notices can quickly become overwhelming. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Aug, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 4.0.0 Oct, 2022 The page, section, and inline notices have been recombined into a single component to align with coded components. Content overrides should not reset, but this may lead to inline notice components showing a close icon and action when changes are accepted. Select the instances and toggle the “Actionable?” and “Dismissible?” properties to hide those elements. Added a “Level” property to choose between a page, section, or inline notice. Consolidated values for the “Action location” property as “below” and “beside.” Renamed “Show action” and “Show close icon” properties as “Actionable?” and “Dismissible?” respectively. Updated default values for body and title text properties. Toggled the new “simplify all instances” to hide layers without properties and simplify the property panel. 3.0.1 Jul, 2022 Fixed width of close icon container Updated alignment from center to top when the action is on the right. 3.0.0 Jun, 2022 Updated icon from medium to small Converted to using component properties New properties Semantic type Action location Show title Show action Show close icon Title content Body content Action label Updated layer name Cleaned up hidden layers Streamlined layer structure 2.2.0 May, 2022 Converted Level property values into unique components [Level=Page] is now “Alert page notice” [Level=Section] is now “Section page notice” [Level=Inline] is now “Inline page notice” Previous Inline notice Next Page notice: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PAGE-NOTICE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/INLINE-NOTICE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Inline notice v4.0.0 Inline notices are low-priority messages about a single element, like a tile or row item. Design Develop Accessibility Inline notice v4.0.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy Title Icon Button Body Close/dismiss Properties Title A bolded title is optional. Use a title to quickly summarize the purpose of the notice. Keep titles short, no more than 60 characters, and avoid repeating the body text. Body The body text is required for all notices. Aim for 1-2 lines. If the body content exceeds 3 lines, consider whether a different design treatment might be better suited to accommodate the length of the message. For actionable notices, the text should inform the user of a next step. Dismiss Alert notices can include a dismiss button that removes the notice from the page layout. This is helpful for general or supplemental information provided by the notice. Actionable Actionable notices include a link button below the body text. It is recommended that notices include an action that helps resolve them. Semantic All alert notices are semantic. The available options are information, attention, confirmation, and general. Choose the semantic type depending on the type of message. The icons cannot be customized, and only three options are available: information, attention, and confirmation. Behavior Placement Inline notices appear on load as part of the page layout and are inset. Content shifts to fill the space when an inline notice is dismissed. Inline notices should always be dismissible or resolvable, not a permanent part of a design. Overflow All text content will wrap if wider than the container. Avoid wrapping for titles and button titles where possible. Layout The button is always stacked below the content for inline notices. This applies to both small and large screens. Screen sizes Small On small screens, inline notices are positioned next to the related elements, with the button placed below the main content. Large On large screens, inline notices are positioned beside their related elements. If a button is included, it is placed below the main content. Unlike page and section notices, which can include a right-aligned button, inline notices do not have this option. Best practices Inline proximity Do keep inline notices close to and focused on their target element. Don’t use inline notices for sections, page-level content, or attention account information. Use a section or page notice notice instead. Content Do keep body copy in regular weight to maintain enough visual separation from the action. Don’t use bold weight for the body copy. The button becomes more difficult to discern from the main content. Stacking Do show one inline notice at a time and replace it with the next priority inline notice after the user dismisses or addresses it. Avoid stacking inline notices. Stacked inline notices can quickly become overwhelming. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Aug, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 4.0.0 Oct, 2022 The page, section, and inline notices have been recombined into a single component to align with coded components. Content overrides should not reset, but this may lead to inline notice components showing a close icon and action when changes are accepted. Select the instances and toggle the “Actionable?” and “Dismissible?” properties to hide those elements. Added a “Level” property to choose between a page, section, or inline notice. Consolidated values for the “Action location” property as “below” and “beside.” Renamed “Show action” and “Show close icon” properties as “Actionable?” and “Dismissible?” respectively. Updated default values for body and title text properties. Toggled the new “simplify all instances” to hide layers without properties and simplify the property panel. 3.0.1 Jul, 2022 Fixed width of close icon container Updated alignment from center to top when the action is on the right. 3.0.0 Jun, 2022 Updated icon from medium to small Converted to using component properties New properties Semantic type Action location Show title Show action Show close icon Title content Body content Action label Updated layer name Cleaned up hidden layers Streamlined layer structure 2.2.0 May, 2022 Converted Level property values into unique components [Level=Page] is now “Alert page notice” [Level=Section] is now “Section page notice” [Level=Inline] is now “Inline page notice” Previous Alert notice: Overview Next Inline notice: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/INLINE-NOTICE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ALERT-NOTICE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Alert notice overview v4.0.0 Alert notices communicate system status and provide feedback to users about their actions and options. Design Develop Alert notice overview v4.0.0 On this page Types Choosing an alert notice Semantic Change log Types Page Section Inline Choosing an alert notice Page notice Page notices communicate high-priority information at a page level. They are bold and prominent to capture attention. Learn more about using Page notices . Section notice Section notices are lower-priority messages that communicate status of a section of content. Learn more about using Section notices . Inline notice Inline notices are low-priority messages about a single element, like a tile or row item. Learn more about using Inline notices . Semantic Semantic messaging "Semantic" refers to the meaning and purpose behind the design elements. For alert notices, this means each type of alert conveys a specific message through its style and context. The available options are neutral, guidance, success, and attention. Select the appropriate semantic type based on the nature of the message you want to communicate. Change log Version Date Notes 4.0.0 Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 4.0.0 Oct, 2022 The page, section, and inline notices have been recombined into a single component to align with coded components. Content overrides should not reset, but this may lead to inline notice components showing a close icon and action when changes are accepted. Select the instances and toggle the “Actionable?” and “Dismissible?” properties to hide those elements. Added a “Level” property to choose between a page, section, or inline notice. Consolidated values for the “Action location” property as “below” and “beside.” Renamed “Show action” and “Show close icon” properties as “Actionable?” and “Dismissible?” respectively. Updated default values for body and title text properties. Toggled the new “simplify all instances” to hide layers without properties and simplify the property panel. 3.0.1 Jul, 2022 Fixed width of close icon container Updated alignment from center to top when the action is on the right. 3.0.0 Jun, 2022 Updated icon from medium to small Converted to using component properties New properties Semantic type Action location Show title Show action Show close icon Title content Body content Action label Updated layer name Cleaned up hidden layers Streamlined layer structure 2.2.0 May, 2022 Converted Level property values into unique components [Level=Page] is now “Alert page notice” [Level=Section] is now “Section page notice” [Level=Inline] is now “Inline page notice” Previous Action bar Next Alert notice: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ALERT-NOTICE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ACTION-BAR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Action bar v1.0.0 An action bar is a collection of components that provide controls to give users more agency over their content or data sets. Design Develop Accessibility Action bar v1.0.0 On this page Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Anatomy All filters action Filter group Action group Properties Filter group The filter group contains all filter-related buttons. The lead filter button includes a generic “All filters” button that launches a sheet with all available filters. Action group The action group is optional and contains up to 3 non-filter actions. Additional actions can be collapsed into an overflow icon button in the first position. Behavior Collapsing buttons Buttons are collapsed into an overflow button and filter menu as the overall width is reduced. The filter buttons collapse first before all action buttons are collapsed into an overflow. Screen sizes Small web On smaller screens, trailing buttons are collapsed into an overflow button and filter buttons are hidden. The trailing buttons collapse into an overflow first, followed by the filter buttons. Small native If the trailing actions are present, the actions are collapsed into an overflow and the filter buttons are hidden on smaller screens, similar to the web behavior. If the trailing actions aren’t present, the filter buttons extend beyond the screen and the container becomes horizontally scrollable. Medium Filter and action group content remain visible as space permits. The action group will collapse into an overflow first, followed by the trailing filter buttons. Large Large screens surface up to the maximum number of content in each group as space permits. Best practices Non-stacking Content within the action bar remains on a single line. Don’t wrap content within the action bar. Selected position Do maintain each filter button’s original position as selections are made. For more details, see Quick filter . Don’t change the position of filters as selections are made. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0.0 Jan, 2025 Updated name from “Filter bar” to “Action bar” 1.0.0 Sep, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo 1.0.0 Mar, 2024 Initial release Previous Accordion Next Action bar: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ACTION-BAR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ACCORDION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Accordion v1.0.0 An accordion is a tool used to hide and reveal content as part of progressive disclosure. Tapping the icon button on each accordion row will expand or collapse the content. Design Develop Accessibility Accordion v1.0.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Change log Considerations Progressive Accordions reduce visual complexity and information density. Empower Users decide what information they want to see and when. On-demand Revealing and hiding information is a single tap away. Anatomy Title Icon button Content Divider Properties Title The title describes the content the row can reveal. Titles are configurable to small (default) or large size. Titles can wrap to multiple lines if needed, but it’s best to keep them concise. Content The content area of an accordion row can include text, images, or other components. The accordion height will flex to fit various types of content. For paragraph text, keep the line length between 40–75 characters (counting both letters and spaces). Divider Dividers are shown between accordion rows to aid visual clarity. Behavior Expand/Collapse Selecting any part of the row, including the title or icon button, will expand or collapse the individual row. The icon adjusts to indicate the closed + or open - state of each row. Rows remain open until closed manually unless auto-collapsing is configured. Note: Accordions require two or more rows. If only one row is needed, consider the expansion component. Motion specs Expand animation motion.easing.standard (.3, 0, 0, 1) motion.duration.medium.3 (500ms) Collapse animation motion.easing.standard (.3, 0, 0, 1) motion.duration.medium.3 (500ms) Layer states Hover and focus states are applied to each title row. See Interaction states for more details on layer state styling. Text overflow Accordions use a flexible layout so that titles and text content will wrap to multiple lines without limits or truncation. Screen sizes Small Accordions fill the entire width of the content area on small screens up to a max of 480px. Large Accordions fill the width of the parent containers on large screens. Full-width Text-heavy examples like a marketing or FAQ page can use accordions that fill the content area with larger title text sizes. Best practices Button title Keep the title short and concise. Only add additional qualifiers if it’s necessary to clarify the expected content. Don’t use long or wordy titles. Extra long titles can negatively affect the overall hierarchy. Sub sections Use clear sub sections inside of accordion rows. Don’t nest accordions or use complex layering. Specs Change log Version Date Notes 1.0 Feb, 2025 Created with eBay Evo Previous Status Next Accordion: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ACCORDION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/STATUS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Status Here’s a quick glance at Evo component status across platforms. Status Availability Available A component that is fully developed, tested, and ready for immediate use within the design system. In progress A component currently under development but not yet completed or ready for use. Future A component that has been identified for future development but work has not yet started. TBD A component for which we don't have status information. Deprecated A component that is outdated and no longer recommended for use, potentially to be removed in the future. Not applicable A component that is not applicable in the given library or platform. Status Previous Components: Overview Next Accordion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Component status across libraries (Sortable by Component) Component Skin Marko React Accordion Available Skin Available Marko Available React Action bar Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Alert notice Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Avatar Available Skin Available Marko TBD React Badge Available Skin Available Marko Available React Banner Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Breadcrumb Available Skin Available Marko Available React Button In progress Skin In progress Marko In progress React Button: Branded button Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Button: CTA button Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Button: Icon button Available Skin Available Marko Available React Button: Link button Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Carousel Available Skin Available Marko Available React Date picker Available Skin Available Marko Available React Dialog Available Skin Available Marko Available React Divider Not applicable Skin Not applicable Marko Not applicable React EEK Available Skin Available Marko Available React Education notice Available Skin Available Marko Available React Expansion Available Skin Available Marko Available React Input: Checkbox Available Skin Available Marko Available React Input: Chip Available Skin Available Marko TBD React Input: Combobox Available Skin Available Marko TBD React Input: Dropdown Available Skin Available Marko Available React Input: Password Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Input: Phone number Available Skin Available Marko TBD React Input: Radio button Available Skin Available Marko Available React Input: Select list Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Input: Switch Available Skin Available Marko Available React Input: Text area Available Skin Available Marko Available React Input: Text field Available Skin Available Marko Available React Item tile Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Loading: Loading expressive Available Skin Available Marko TBD React Loading: Skeleton loader Available Skin Available Marko TBD React Media container Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Pagination Available Skin Available Marko Available React Popover Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Progress stepper Available Skin Available Marko Available React Quick filter Available Skin Available Marko TBD React Search bar Future Skin Future Marko TBD React Segmented button Available Skin Available Marko Available React Sheet: Bottom sheet Available Skin Available Marko Available React Sheet: Panel Available Skin Available Marko Available React Signal Available Skin Available Marko Available React Snackbar Available Skin Available Marko Available React Tab Available Skin Available Marko Available React Table Available Skin Available Marko TBD React Text link Available Skin Future Marko TBD React Tip: Tooltip Available Skin Available Marko Available React Tip: Tourtip Available Skin Available Marko Available React Toggle button group Available Skin Available Marko Available React Video player Future Skin Available Marko Available React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/STATUS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/VIDEO-PLAYER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Video player v2.0.0 The video player is used for displaying and controlling video content. Design Develop Motion Accessibility Video player v2.0.0 Previous Video player: Design Next Video player: Motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko ebay-video 1.0 Available React ebay-video 1.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/VIDEO-PLAYER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOGGLE-BUTTON-GROUP?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Toggle button group v1.0.3 A toggle button group is a single and multi selection pattern that provides increased visual emphasis for the available choices. Design Develop Accessibility Toggle button group v1.0.3 Previous Toggle button group: Design Next Toggle button group: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin toggle-button-group 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-toggle-button-group 1.0.0 Available React ebay-toggle-button-group 1.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOGGLE-BUTTON-GROUP?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOURTIP?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Tourtip v2.2.0 Tourtips explain or inform users of new features, experiences, and UI elements. Design Develop Accessibility Tourtip v2.2.0 Previous Tourtip: Design Next Tourtip: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin infotip 2.0.0 Available Skin tourtip 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-infotip 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-tourtip 2.0.0 Available React ebay-infotip 2.0.0 Available React ebay-tourtip 2.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOURTIP?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOOLTIP?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Tooltip v3.0.0 Tooltips disclose an element’s label when the label isn’t visible. Design Develop Accessibility Tooltip v3.0.0 Previous Tooltip: Design Next Tooltip: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin tooltip 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-tooltip 2.0.0 Available React ebay-tooltip 2.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TOOLTIP?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-LINK?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Text link v2.1.0 Text links are lightweight navigational elements. Links can appear within a paragraph, after a paragraph, standalone, or in a list of other links. They are underlined by default. Design Develop Accessibility Text link v2.1.0 Previous Text link: Design Next Text link: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin link 2.0.0 Available Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-LINK?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TABLE?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Table v1.0.0 Tables are used to organize and display data efficiently to provide users with insights and potential actions. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Table v1.0.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin table 0.1.0 Available Marko ebay-table 0.1.0 Available React -- -- TBD Previous Table: Design Next Table: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TABLE?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TAB?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Tab v2.2.0 Tabs organize and manage content within an interface, allowing users to navigate between different sections or views without leaving the current page. Design Develop Accessibility Tab v2.2.0 Previous Tab: Design Next Tab: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin tabs 2.1.0 Available Marko ebay-tabs 2.1.0 Available React ebay-tabs 2.1.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TAB?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SNACKBAR?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Snackbar v2.0.0 Snackbars are temporary messages that provide immediate feedback about a user action. They communicate the success or failure of an action, with an optional button to revert a decision, correct a failure, or dismiss. Design Develop Accessibility Snackbar v2.0.0 Previous Snackbar: Design Next Snackbar: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin snackbar-dialog 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-snackbar-dialog 2.0.0 Available React ebay-snackbar-dialog 2.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SNACKBAR?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SIGNAL?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Signal v1.2.0 Signals are programmatic recommendations to help customers make more informed decisions. Design Develop Accessibility Signal v1.2.0 Previous Signal: Design Next Signal: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin signal 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-signal 1.0.0 Available React ebay-signal 1.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SIGNAL?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PANEL?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Panel v2.2.0 Panels present supplemental information and input methods directly related to the primary content. Design Develop Accessibility Panel v2.2.0 Previous Panel: Design Next Panel: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin panel-dialog 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-panel-dialog 2.0.0 Available React ebay-panel-dialog 2.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PANEL?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BOTTOM-SHEET?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Bottom sheet v3.0.0 Bottom sheets present supplemental content anchored to the bottom of the screen. Design Develop Accessibility Bottom sheet v3.0.0 Previous Bottom sheet: Design Next Bottom sheet: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin lightbox-dialog 2.1.0 Available Marko ebay-lightbox-dialog 2.1.0 Available React ebay-lightbox-dialog 2.1.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BOTTOM-SHEET?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SEGMENTED-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Segmented button v1.0.0 Segmented buttons provide closely related choices that affect an object, state, or view. Design Develop Motion Accessibility Segmented button v1.0.0 Previous Segmented button: Design Next Segmented button: Motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin segmented-buttons 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-segmented-buttons 1.0.0 Available React ebay-segmented-buttons 1.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SEGMENTED-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SEARCH-BAR?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Search bar v2.1.0 The search bar allows users to search using text or imagery. Design Develop Accessibility Search bar v2.1.0 Previous Search bar: Design Next Search bar: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SEARCH-BAR?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/QUICK-FILTER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Quick filter v3.1.0 Quick filter buttons make filtering or sorting data fast and easy. Design Develop Accessibility Quick filter v3.1.0 Previous Quick filter: Design Next Quick filter: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin filter-button 2.0.0 Available Skin filter-menu-button 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-filter-menu-button 2.0.0 Available React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/QUICK-FILTER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PROGRESS-STEPPER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Progress stepper v4.0.1 Progress steppers are visual indicators of progression through a process or experience. Design Develop Accessibility Progress stepper v4.0.1 Previous Progress stepper: Design Next Progress stepper: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin progress-stepper 4.0.0 Available Marko ebay-progress-stepper 4.0.0 Available React ebay-progress-stepper 4.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PROGRESS-STEPPER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/POPOVER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Popover v1.0.0 Popovers are non-modal transient containers that appear above other content. They disclose lists of choices or supplemental information. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Popover v1.0.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD Previous Popover: Design Next Popover: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/POPOVER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PAGINATION?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Pagination v2.1.0 Pagination breaks large data sets into multiple pages for easier consumption. Controls are included to navigate between pages and manage how much content is shown at once. This is primarily an HTML pattern. Design Develop Accessibility Pagination v2.1.0 Previous Pagination: Design Next Pagination: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin pagination 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-pagination 2.0.0 Available React ebay-pagination 2.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PAGINATION?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/MEDIA-CONTAINER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Media container 2.2.0 The media container displays a variety of visual content. Design Develop Accessibility Media container 2.2.0 Previous Media container: Design Next Media container: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/MEDIA-CONTAINER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING-SKELETON?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Skeleton loader v1.0.0 A skeleton is a graphical placeholder, reserving physical space in the page for content in cases where a service or action may be slow to resolve. A skeleton can be considered as an alternative to the progress spinner in many situations. Design Develop Motion Accessibility Skeleton loader v1.0.0 Previous Skeleton loader: Design Next Skeleton loader: Motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin skeleton 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-skeleton 1.0.0 Available React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING-SKELETON?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING-EXPRESSIVE?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Expressive loader v1.0.0 Leveraging a branded expression, the expressive loader provides reassurance, guidance, and delight. The expressive loader is used as an alternative to the progress spinner, especially for longer loading times. Design Develop Motion Accessibility Expressive loader v1.0.0 Previous Loading expressive: Design Next Loading expressive: Motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin progress-bar-expressive 1.1.0 Available Marko ebay-progress-bar-expressive 1.1.0 Available React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LOADING-EXPRESSIVE?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ITEM-TILE?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Item tile v2.1.0 Item tiles display an item preview with key details for further decision-making and quick comparison of similar items. Design Develop Accessibility Item tile v2.1.0 Previous Item tile: Design Next Item tile: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ITEM-TILE?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-FIELD?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Text field v4.0.0 Text fields let users enter and submit text. Design Develop Accessibility Text field v4.0.0 Previous Text field: Design Next Text field: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin textbox 2.2.0 Available Marko ebay-textbox 2.2.0 Available React ebay-textbox 2.2.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-FIELD?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-AREA?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Text area v4.0.0 Text areas allow for input that extends across multiple lines. Design Develop Accessibility Text area v4.0.0 Previous Text area: Design Next Text area: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin textbox 2.2.0 Available Marko ebay-textbox 2.2.0 Available React ebay-textbox 2.2.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/TEXT-AREA?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SWITCH?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Switch v2.1.1 Switches provide a binary on/off choice. Their input is immediate and requires no additional action. Design Develop Accessibility Switch v2.1.1 Previous Switch: Design Next Switch: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin switch 2.1.0 Available Marko ebay-switch 2.1.0 Available React ebay-switch 2.1.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SWITCH?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SELECT-LIST?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Select list v4.0.0 Select list is a web-only, form-based component that discloses a simple list of actions or options using the browser’s native <select> element. Design Develop Accessibility Select list v4.0.0 Previous Select list: Design Next Select list: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/SELECT-LIST?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/RADIO-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Radio button v2.0.1 Radio buttons allow the user to select one option from a set. Only one can be selected at a time. Design Develop Accessibility Radio button v2.0.1 Previous Radio button: Design Next Radio button: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin radio 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-radio 2.0.0 Available React ebay-radio 2.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/RADIO-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PHONE-NUMBER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Phone number v4.0.0 The phone number field is a specialized text field enabling quick phone number entry. Design Develop Accessibility Phone number v4.0.0 Previous Phone number: Design Next Phone number: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin phone-input 4.0.0 Available Marko ebay-phone-input 4.0.0 Available React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PHONE-NUMBER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PASSWORD?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Password v4.0.0 The password field automatically hides its input. It includes a trailing icon that toggles the entry masking. Design Develop Accessibility Password v4.0.0 Previous Password: Design Next Password: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/PASSWORD?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DROPDOWN?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Dropdown v4.0.0 Dropdown fields allow for selection of a value within a predetermined dataset. Design Develop Accessibility Dropdown v4.0.0 Previous Dropdown: Design Next Dropdown: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin combobox 2.2.0 Available Skin listbox-button 2.2.0 Available Skin listbox 2.2.0 Available Skin menu-button 2.3.0 Available Skin menu 2.3.0 Available Skin select 2.2.0 Available Marko ebay-combobox 2.2.0 Available Marko ebay-listbox-button 2.2.0 Available Marko ebay-listbox 2.2.0 Available Marko ebay-menu-button 2.3.0 Available Marko ebay-menu 2.3.0 Available Marko ebay-select 2.2.0 Available React ebay-listbox-button 2.2.0 Available React ebay-listbox 2.2.0 Available React ebay-menu-button 2.3.0 Available React ebay-menu 2.3.0 Available React ebay-select 2.2.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DROPDOWN?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/COMBOBOX?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Combobox v3.0.0 The combobox combines a text field with a popover menu, allowing users to filter and choose an option from a list or enter their own value. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Combobox v3.0.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin chips-combobox 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-chips-combobox 1.0.0 Available React -- -- TBD Previous Combobox: Design Next Combobox: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/COMBOBOX?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CHIP?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Chip v1.0.0 Chips represent discrete input values. Design Develop Accessibility Chip v1.0.0 Previous Chip: Design Next Chip: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin chip 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-chip 1.0.0 Available React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CHIP?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CHECKBOX?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Checkbox v2.0.0 Checkboxes allow the user to select multiple options from a list or a single yes/no option. Design Develop Accessibility Checkbox v2.0.0 Previous Checkbox: Design Next Checkbox: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin checkbox 2.0.0 Available Marko ebay-checkbox 2.0.0 Available React ebay-checkbox 2.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CHECKBOX?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EXPANSION?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Expansion v2.0.0 Expansion is a lightweight container that can function independently or be integrated into a larger surface. Tapping the expansion controls will either expand the content into a larger section or collapse it back to its original size. Design Develop Accessibility Expansion v2.0.0 Previous Expansion: Design Next Expansion: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin details 1.2.0 Available Marko ebay-details 1.2.0 Available React ebay-details 1.2.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EXPANSION?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EDUCATION-NOTICE?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Education notice v2.0.0 Education notices are supplemental, contextual messages that educate users about programs, features and opportunities. Design Develop Accessibility Education notice v2.0.0 Previous Education notice: Design Next Education notice: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin education-notice 1.0.0 Available Skin section-notice -- Available Marko ebay-education-notice 1.0.0 Available React ebay-section-notice -- Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EDUCATION-NOTICE?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EEK?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload EEK rating and range v1.0.2 Because of EU legislation, eBay as a marketplace is required to enable sellers to correctly display the Energy Efficiency Class (EEC or EEK) information on specific product categories. The new ratings and ranges are required on item cards throughout our experience for relevant categories. Design Develop Accessibility EEK rating and range v1.0.2 Previous EEK: Design Next EEK: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin eek 1.1.0 Available Marko ebay-eek 1.1.0 Available React ebay-eek 1.1.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/EEK?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DIVIDER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Divider v2.0.0 Dividers break up and group content on the page. Design Develop Accessibility Divider v2.0.0 Previous Divider: Design Next Divider: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Not applicable Marko -- -- Not applicable React -- -- Not applicable

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DIVIDER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DIALOG?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Dialog v4.0.0 Dialogs appear in front of other content to ask for a decision or inform users of important information. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Dialog v4.0.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin alert-dialog 2.1.0 Available Skin lightbox-dialog 2.1.0 Available Marko ebay-alert-dialog 2.1.0 Available Marko ebay-lightbox-dialog 2.1.0 Available React ebay-alert-dialog 2.1.0 Available React ebay-lightbox-dialog 2.1.0 Available Previous Dialog: Design Next Dialog: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DIALOG?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DATE-PICKER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Date picker v1.2.0 Date pickers allow users to choose a date or a range of dates. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Date picker v1.2.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin date-textbox 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-date-textbox 1.0.0 Available React ebay-date-textbox 1.0.0 Available Previous Date picker: Design Next Date picker: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/DATE-PICKER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CAROUSEL?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Carousel 2.0.1 Carousels group similar items into a horizontally scrollable container extending beyond the visible space of the screen. Design Develop Accessibility Carousel 2.0.1 Previous Carousel: Design Next Carousel: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin carousel 1.1.0 Available Marko ebay-carousel 1.1.0 Available React ebay-carousel 1.1.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CAROUSEL?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LINK-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Link button v3.1.0 Link buttons behave similar to text links. They are primarily used for navigation and triggers, using an underline as affordance. Design Develop Accessibility Link button v3.1.0 Previous Link button: Design Next Link button: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/LINK-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ICON-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Icon button v3.1.0 Icon buttons help direct and capture user action and intent. They are compact with no visible label. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Icon button v3.1.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin icon-button 1.6.0 Available Marko ebay-icon-button 1.6.0 Available React ebay-icon-button 1.6.0 Available Previous Icon button: Design Next Icon button: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ICON-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CTA-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload CTA button 3.1.0 CTA buttons present the primary actions within a flow to help guide users through experiences. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility CTA button 3.1.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD Previous CTA button: Design Next CTA button: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/CTA-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BRANDED-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Branded button v3.1.0 Branded buttons tie eBay’s CTA to our marketing palette. Design Develop Accessibility Branded button v3.1.0 Previous Branded button: Design Next Branded button: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BRANDED-BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Button Buttons help direct and capture user action and intent. Design Develop Button Previous Button: Design Next Branded button Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin button 1.6.0 Available Skin cta-button 1.2.0 Available Skin icon-button 1.6.0 Available Marko ebay-button 1.6.0 Available Marko ebay-cta-button 1.2.0 Available Marko ebay-icon-button 1.6.0 Available React ebay-button 1.6.0 Available React ebay-cta-button 1.2.0 Available React ebay-icon-button 1.6.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BUTTON?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BREADCRUMB?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Breadcrumb v2.2.0 Breadcrumbs show the navigational hierarchy of a page. Design Develop Accessibility Breadcrumb v2.2.0 Previous Breadcrumb: Design Next Breadcrumb: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin breadcrumbs 1.2.0 Available Marko ebay-breadcrumbs 1.2.0 Available React ebay-breadcrumbs 1.2.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BREADCRUMB?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BANNER?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Banner v2.2.0 Banners give users visibility to curations, promotions, events, and programs with a CTA that drives them to explore more. Design Develop Accessibility Banner v2.2.0 Previous Banner: Design Next Banner: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BANNER?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BADGE?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Badge v1.5.0 A badge is a visual indicator that notifies users of numeric values. Design Develop Accessibility Badge v1.5.0 Previous Badge: Design Next Badge: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin badge 1.2.0 Available Marko ebay-badge 1.2.0 Available React ebay-badge 1.2.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/BADGE?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/AVATAR?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Avatar v1.1.0 Avatars are visual representations of users and stores. Design Develop Accessibility Avatar v1.1.0 Previous Avatar: Design Next Avatar: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin avatar 1.0.0 Available Skin chart-legend 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-avatar 1.0.0 Available React -- -- TBD

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/AVATAR?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ALERT-NOTICE?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Alert notice overview v4.0.0 Alert notices communicate system status and provide feedback to users about their actions and options. Skin Marko React Design Develop Alert notice overview v4.0.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin inline-notice 2.2.0 Available Skin page-notice 3.0.0 Available Skin section-notice 3.0.0 Available Marko ebay-inline-notice 2.2.0 Available Marko ebay-page-notice 3.0.0 Available Marko ebay-section-notice 3.0.0 Available React ebay-inline-notice 2.2.0 Available React ebay-page-notice 3.0.0 Available React ebay-section-notice 3.0.0 Available Previous Alert notice: Design Next Inline notice Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ALERT-NOTICE?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ACTION-BAR?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Action bar v1.0.0 An action bar is a collection of components that provide controls to give users more agency over their content or data sets. Skin Marko React Design Develop Accessibility Action bar v1.0.0 Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin -- -- Future Marko -- -- Future React -- -- TBD Previous Action bar: Design Next Action bar: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ACTION-BAR?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ACCORDION?TAB=DEVELOP #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Accordion v1.0.0 An accordion is a tool used to hide and reveal content as part of progressive disclosure. Tapping the icon button on each accordion row will expand or collapse the content. Design Develop Accessibility Accordion v1.0.0 Previous Accordion: Design Next Accordion: Accessibility Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React Resources More component info is available for signed-in users. Sign in Library Resource Latest version Status Skin accordion 1.0.0 Available Marko ebay-accordion 1.0.0 Available React ebay-accordion 1.0.0 Available

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ACCORDION?TAB=DEVELOP #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/MOTION-TOKENS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Motion tokens Motion tokens Skeleton Title Skeleton Subitle Previous Opacity Next Illustration Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Duration Title Value motion . duration . short . 1 50ms motion . duration . short . 2 83ms motion . duration . short . 3 167ms motion . duration . medium . 1 250ms motion . duration . medium . 2 333ms motion . duration . medium . 3 500ms motion . duration . long . 1 667ms motion . duration . long . 2 883ms motion . duration . long . 3 1000ms motion . duration . instant 17ms Easing Title Value motion . easing . standard cubic-bezier(0 . 3, 0, 0, 1) motion . easing . quick . enter cubic-bezier(0, 0, 0, 1) motion . easing . quick . exit cubic-bezier(1, 0, 0, 1) motion . easing . soft . enter cubic-bezier(0, 0, 0 . 7, 1) motion . easing . soft . exit cubic-bezier(0 . 3, 0, 1, 1) motion . easing . continuous cubic-bezier(0 . 3, 0, 0 . 7, 1) motion . easing . bounce cubic-bezier(0 . 3, 0, 0, 1 . 5) motion . easing . linear cubic-bezier(0, 0, 1, 1)

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/MOTION-TOKENS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/OPACITY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Opacity tokens Opacity tokens Skeleton Title Skeleton Subitle Previous Shape Next Motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Semantic Title Value opacity . state . hover 4% opacity . state . focus 4% opacity . state . press 8% opacity . state . active 12%

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/OPACITY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/SHAPE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Shape tokens Shape tokens Skeleton Title Skeleton Subitle Previous Shadow Next Opacity Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Corner radius Title Value Example radius . photoSmall dimension . core . 100 radius . photoLarge dimension . core . 200 radius . formInput dimension . core . 100 radius . popoverContainer dimension . core . 200 radius . none dimension . core . 0 radius . small dimension . core . 50 radius . medium dimension . core . 100 radius . large dimension . core . 200 radius . extraLarge dimension . core . 300 Border Title Value Example border.width.thin 0 . 5px border.width.medium 1px border.width.thick 2px

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/SHAPE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/SHADOW #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Shadow tokens Shadow tokens Skeleton Title Skeleton Subitle Previous Breakpoints Next Shape Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Semantic Title Value Example shadow . subtle x : 0px y : 4px blur : 12px spread : 0px color : rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 07) type : dropShadow shadow . strong x : 0px y : 5px blur : 17px spread : 0px color : rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 2) type : dropShadow x : 0px y : 2px blur : 7px spread : 0px color : rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 15) type : dropShadow

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/SHADOW #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/BREAKPOINT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Breakpoint tokens Breakpoint tokens Skeleton Title Skeleton Subitle Previous Typography Next Shadow Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Semantic Title Value breakpoint.extraSmall 320px breakpoint.small 512px breakpoint.medium 600px breakpoint.large 800px breakpoint.extraLarge 1100px breakpoint.extraLarge2 1400px breakpoint.extraLarge3 1920px breakpoint.android.compact breakpoint.extraSmall breakpoint.android.medium breakpoint.medium breakpoint.android.expanded breakpoint.large breakpoint.ios.compact breakpoint.extraSmall breakpoint.ios.regular breakpoint.medium breakpoint.ios.expanded breakpoint.large

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/BREAKPOINT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/SPACING #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Spacing tokens Spacing tokens Skeleton Title Skeleton Subitle Previous Dimension Next Typography Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Semantic Title Value Example spacing . page . grid . margin spacing . core . 200 spacing . page . grid . gutter spacing . core . 100 Core Title Value Example spacing . core . 0 dimension . core . 0 spacing . core . 25 dimension . core . 25 spacing . core . 50 dimension . core . 50 spacing . core . 75 dimension . core . 75 spacing . core . 100 dimension . core . 100 spacing . core . 150 dimension . core . 150 spacing . core . 200 dimension . core . 200 spacing . core . 250 dimension . core . 250 spacing . core . 300 dimension . core . 300 spacing . core . 400 dimension . core . 400 spacing . core . 500 dimension . core . 500 spacing . core . 600 dimension . core . 600

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/SPACING #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/DIMENSION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Dimension tokens Dimension tokens Skeleton Title Skeleton Subitle Previous Color Next Spacing Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Semantic Title Value Example dimension . action . height . small dimension . core . 400 dimension . action . height . medium dimension . core . 500 dimension . action . height . large dimension . core . 600 dimension . tapTargetMinimum dimension . core . 600 dimension . icon . extraSmall dimension . core . 150 dimension . icon . small dimension . core . 200 dimension . icon . medium dimension . core . 300 dimension . icon . large dimension . core . 400 dimension . icon . extraLarge dimension . core . 800 Core Title Value Example dimension . core . 0 0px dimension . core . 25 2px dimension . core . 50 4px dimension . core . 75 6px dimension . core . 100 8px dimension . core . 150 12px dimension . core . 200 16px dimension . core . 250 20px dimension . core . 300 24px dimension . core . 400 32px dimension . core . 500 40px dimension . core . 600 48px dimension . core . 800 64px dimension . core . 1000 80px

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/DIMENSION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Tokens overview Tokens are representations of design decisions. They abstract raw values into scalable, meaningful, and readable labels spanning across teams and platforms. Tokens overview On this page Overview Token structure Applying tokens Change log Overview Design tokens represent repeated decisions throughout a system and provide an avenue to apply them consistently. They replace raw values with meaningful labels that convey intention. Tokens progress in specificity from raw values to core tokens, semantic tokens, and component tokens. Tokens apply to a variety of value types, including: Color Typography Spacing Sizing Radius Opacity Stroke width Effects Token structure Tokens are structured in a specific order for varying levels of specificity. Individual components and their nested elements can each have tokens if a semantic token isn’t providing enough clarity. This structure helps maintain the integrity of the token system over time. Object Component Element combobox button form left-icon right-icon Base Category Behavior Property color font spacing size shadow breakpoint feedback visualization action heading core sem text size bg weight border letter-spacing Modifier Variant State Scale Context primary secondary tertiary default subtle enabled hover active pressed disabled 50 100 150 200 600 light dark high-contrast Applying tokens Backgrounds and foregrounds The majority of tokens used are semantic tokens for background and foreground elements. Semantic colors like attention and success have corresponding foreground tokens like on-attention and on-success. This ensures color combinations are used appropriately and remain accessible. Examples of backgrounds: Page background Button container Banner container Examples of foregrounds: Icons Text Platform agnostic Tokens are platform agnostic. The names remain similar despite slight alterations to the naming structure. The design library uses dots as separators with all letters lowercase, but can be converted to a preferred platform convention like dashes or camelCase. Tokens simplify documentation of design decisions and make sharing across teams easier. They establish a common language for styles and intention across all users of the system. Theming A single token can point to different values depending on the context. The context can be a change in device theme, form factor, or accessibility settings. When a context changes, the reference values are updated automatically and the changes cascade throughout the system. Page composition Here’s an example of how tokens are used throughout a page. Background elements like containers and frames can stack on top of each other. Foreground elements, like text and icons, sit on top of backgrounds. Lastly, border elements include container strokes and dividers. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Previous Design system: Overview Next Color Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS/MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Expressions Marketing UI graphics Overview Best practices Showcase Email design system Social Marketing UI graphics overview We use UI graphics to connect our marketing and top of funnel campaigns to our product. These graphics also serve as quick references to how we use product features, and allows for more in-depth storytelling. Marketing UI graphics overview On this page When to use Container styles Types Size Clear space Position Color Resources Change log When to use Use UI graphics to reinforce our brand language—creating consistency and visual connection across our product and marketing experiences. These graphics are primarily used on tiles and containers aiming to leverage brand equity. Container styles UI graphics have 2 container styles—outlined and filled. When using the outlined options, ensure the stroke color is the same as the text and set to 50% opacity. Outlined options can also follow our tone-on-tone color guidance referenced in the Color pairing tool . Outlined Filled Types Numerous UI graphics are available for enhancing storytelling across marketing, social media, and campaigns. Category Seller handle Program handle Pricing Icons Descriptions Size UI graphics should be sized and scaled to best fit the composition it occupies. Always use your best judgment when scaling UI graphics. With title UI graphic heights are determined by the cap height or x-height of the headline. Without title In the absence of a headline, the UI graphic's height should be 15% of the the layouts shortest side. Clear space Clear space is necessary to ensure we provide enough visual impact and credit for our brand. The clear space is 1/3 the overall height of the UI graphic. Position Align UI graphics to any of the four corners of a card. Icons are typically placed in the upper right corner, while pill tag variants are used in the upper and lower left corners. Color Neutrals Tone-on-tone On photography Resources Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Next Best practices Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Iconography Learn how to use our iconography across product and marketing applications. Color Learn how to use our color across product and marketing applications. Typography Learn how to use our typography across product and marketing applications. Composition Learn how to build layouts across product and marketing applications. Photography Learn how to use our photography across product and marketing applications.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS/MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS/EMAIL-DESIGN-SYSTEM #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Expressions Marketing UI graphics Overview Best practices Showcase Email design system Social Email design system overview Welcome to the email design system! We’re excited for you to dive in and start building exceptional emails. Here’s everything you need to get going. Email design system overview On this page Considerations Anatomy Content types Module anatomy Email tiers Resources Change log Considerations Conversational Emails should be designed forand written for humans using our eBay Voice and Tone. Easily understood The content should be easilyscanned and read quickly, with clearvisual hierarchy and calls to action. Valuable Emails should be targeted andhave clear intent. Anatomy Primary content Secondary content Tertiary content Content types Primary content Primary content modules include Headers that contain the eBay logo and Heroes that either contain either a simple image or a headline and CTA. Secondary Secondary content modules include Titles, Seed items, Item tiles, Paragraphs, Info modules, and Banners. Tertiary Tertiary content modules include Surveys and Footers. Module anatomy Overline Headline Subcopy CTA Disclaimer Email tiers All emails fall under a three tiered framework. Each tier serves a different purpose with varying levels of brand expression growing from least to most. Account To support account activity instilling trust with the customer. Transaction To drive conversion and completion of an existing shopping journey. Marketing To inspire new shopping journeys based on a customer’s interests. Resources Email design system 2.0 Learn how to use the email design system. Email icon tool Create and export icons with background shapes used in emails. Change log Date Notes Sep, 2024 Added resource card for the email icon tool Updated email tier examples Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Marketing UI graphics: Showcase Next Social: Social brand guide Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS/EMAIL-DESIGN-SYSTEM #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS/MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS/SHOWCASE-MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Expressions Marketing UI graphics Overview Best practices Showcase Email design system Social Showcase Get inspired by this collection of work that shows our marketing UI graphics at their best. Showcase Video description: A 16-second video showing an animated stacked carousel of colorful tiles showing different UI graphics. The top tile is a stacked carousel of collectible product images on a bright green background with a tone on tone outlined “Collectibles” container in the lower right corner. Next is a photograph of a young woman on a yellow background with a filled seller handle container with a profile picture and username. Next is a dark blue tile with a title that reads “For the love of new kicks.” with a zoomed in image of a jacket with colorful patches. Two outlined program handle containers that read “Authenticity Guarantee” and “Free Shipping” are stacked below the title in the upper left corner. Next a product image of a blue sneaker on a light grey background with a filled icon container in the upper right corner and a filled pricing container in the lower left corner. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Best practices Next Email design system Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS/MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS/SHOWCASE-MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS/MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS/BEST-PRACTICES-MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Expressions Marketing UI graphics Overview Best practices Showcase Email design system Social Best practices What—and what not—to do when using our marketing UI graphics. Best practices Color fill Do use the standard filled or outlined neutral pills. Don’t use colored pills outside of approved tone-on-tone applications. Simplicity Do select the proper UI graphic to communicate the desired story. Don't overload the image with too many different UI graphics. Don't stack more than 3 pill tags. Rotation Do keep the UI graphic positioned horizontally. Don't rotate the UI graphics. CTA buttons Do use title case for program badging, when not a product overline. Don’t use program badging within a pill when there is a CTA in the layout. Container style Do follow the pill dimensions of our design system. Don’t distort or modify the proportion or corners of the pill. Pill style Do use Market Sans Regular for the majority of pill tag variants. Only the pricing variants are able to use Market Sans Bold. Don’t use Market Sans Bold for any pill tags other than the pricing variants. Stacking Do stack a maximum of 2 pill tags. Don’t stack more than 2 pill tags. Headlines Do place UI graphics below headlines. Don’t place UI graphics above headlines or use as an eyebrow. Be concise Do keep UI graphics concise. Don’t be overly wordy with UI graphics. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Marketing UI graphics: Overview Next Showcase Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS/MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS/BEST-PRACTICES-MARKETING-UI-GRAPHICS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ITEM-TILE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Item tile v2.1.0 Item tiles display an item preview with key details for further decision-making and quick comparison of similar items. Design Develop Accessibility Item tile v2.1.0 On this page Considerations Anatomy Amount of details Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Resources Change log Considerations Summarize Item tiles surface a few key product details at a time. Scannable Items tiles can be scanned quickly to preview and compare. Supportive Item tiles drive quicker decisions at the early stages of exploration. Anatomy Media container Save toggle Signal Title Condition Aspect Price Strikethrough price Attributes Sponsored tag Additional actions Carousel pagination Carousel tappers Amount of details The amount of details shown within item tiles varies based on context. Different attributes are surfaced to highlight the most important details depending on item type and tile location within an experience. Properties Media container The media container is required for all item tiles and is derived from the product detail page. The image will default to the first image available in the listing. Item tile images use a 1:1 ratio and the radius adheres to the image scaling rules, 16px radius for images 80x80 or larger and 8px radius for images smaller than 80x80. An empty image placeholder will be shown when an image isn’t available or fails to be fetched. Signal A signal sits directly below the image and above the product title. The signal indicates key information about standout products within a set that helps the user make a more informed decision. These are programmatically determined and only appear on one or two visible items at a time. Learn more about Signals . Title The product title should succinctly describe the item. The title wraps at two lines before being truncated with an ellipses on large screens, and at a maximum of three lines on mobile screens. Condition The condition of the item sits directly beneath the title. This indicates whether the item is new, used, refurbished, etc. Aspects Aspects are key characteristics about the item related to other items in its category. They sit inline with the condition separated by a dot character and are typically 1-2 words. There should only be 1-2 aspects maximum on an item. Aspects may force a natural text wrap in categories with longer names like sneakers. This may also occur when using dynamic type for accessibility. In this instance, consecutive attributes may not perfectly align to the baseline. Price The price is one of the most important elements and is required for all tiles. The price sits on its own line, bolded, with an optional strikethrough price for discounted items. The strikethrough price will wrap to the next line if there isn’t enough room. Attributes Attributes provide additional information for making a more informed decision. These include seller ratings and levels, coupons, bulk purchase discounts, shipping price, program enrollment, additional colors, and more. Bids and Auctions: English Bids and Auctions are what make eBay special. In an auction-style listing, sellers name a starting price and buyers bid against one another. Bids are counted while the auction timer winds down and the two are separated by a dot character. The auction timer uses different time metrics and colors as it counts down. Text starts as black and begins to show hours under 10 days, while minutes appear under 24 hours and seconds under 5 minutes. The text changes to red at 59 minutes and under and reverts back to black when the auction has ended. Bids and Auctions: German Keep in mind that other languages such as German use different time abbreviations and may force a natural text wrap on the bids and auction line on smaller item tiles. This may also occur when using dynamic type for accessibility. eBay Plus eBay Plus is a unique eBay membership found in other regions like Australia where users can save on Plus items and more. It is represented by a sub-branded eBay logo lockup. Program badge Program badges are icon and text lockups that highlight and reinforce existing programs and services across eBay related to trust, authentication, and guarantees. Only the most important associated program should be shown at a time on item tiles. Learn more about Program badges . Product rating Product ratings are represented by a 5-star system and are leveraged in certain categories like electronics. Color chips Color chips provide an overview of available color options for a product. They can be used both independently as a non-interactive visual and as an interactive element that changes the image. When used as an interactive element, accessibility and tap target size must be accounted for. There is typically no more than 5 shown at a time. EEK rating & range Energy Efficiency Class (EEC or EEK) information is required on specific product categories according to EU legislation. The rating is represented by a single line of text, while the range uses a colored graphic. Only one version is used at a time. Sponsored tag Sponsored listings are those that have paid to be shown at prime locations throughout a buyer’s journey. These are tagged as sponsored at the bottom of the listing for transparency. The text floats and aligns to the bottom of the attributes area for each tile. Additional actions An overflow button is used when there are multiple actions available for a tile. The overflow button is aligned to the bottom right of the tile in both vertical and horizontal layouts. Interacting with the overflow button reveals a popover or context menu, depending on the platform. Media carousel The media carousel is optional and supports both images and videos. The pagination pill is always visible on both web and native, while tappers appear on hover only on the web. If a video is included in the carousel, its corresponding dot is replaced with a play icon. Media carousels are limited to a maximum of 4 item. Layout Item tiles can be shown in a gallery or list view. Gallery view allows for larger images but takes up more vertical space. List view allows for more listings to be visible at once for quicker comparisons with less emphasis on the imagery. Behavior Item action Each item has an action on the top-right of the image. The default action is a save toggle to save or remove the item from a list. Additional actions Additional actions are available as an overflow icon button in the bottom right corner of the tile. The background color is omitted on the enabled state. State layers including hover, pressed, and focused still behave the same. Title hover When hovering over the item’s title, the title becomes underlined. Media container hover When an item tile features a media carousel on the web, tappers become visible when hovering over the container. However, they do not appear on native platforms. Pagination dots, on the other hand, remain consistently visible across both web and native experiences. Alignment There is an underlying baseline grid that helps align content along a clear scan line for users. Titles, prices, and attributes are baselined when placed next to other item tiles in gallery view. Attributes below the price are aligned to a 23px baseline grid. This means that all attribute lines each add up to 23px tall. Additional details and visuals are shown in the specs area and the baseline grid can be toggled on in the component controls. Visited If the destination of a tile has been visited, the title will update to a visited state. Screen sizes Small Item tiles on mobile can use the list or gallery view depending on user preferences or domain requirements. Fewer tiles will fit on screen, so some attributes or aspects will be hidden on smaller screens. Small tile count Uniform grid Uniform grids have 2 tiles from 320px to 511px. The horizontal spacing between item tiles is 8px. List grid List view grids have 1 tile from 320px to 511px. The spacing between media containers and text is 8px. Uniform grid List grid Medium More tiles can be shown on larger screens in either layout. Attributes can be shown up to a maximum of 4 lines. Tiles using a list layout can be placed in a single-column layout. Medium tile count Uniform grid Uniform grids have 2 tiles at 512px and 3 tiles for 768px and 1024px. The horizontal spacing between item tiles is 8x for 512px and 16px for 768px and 1024px. If the left hand navigation is removed, another tile occupies its place. List grid List grids have 1 tile at 512px, 768px, and 1024px. The spacing between media containers and text is 8px for 512px, and 16px for 768px and 1024px. Uniform grid List grid Large More tiles can be shown on larger screens in either layout. Attributes can be shown up to a maximum of 4 lines. Tiles using a list layout can be placed in a two-column layout. Large tile count Uniform grid Uniform grids have 4 tiles at 1280px and 1440px. The horizontal spacing between item tiles is 16px. If the left hand navigation is removed, another tile occupies its place. List grid List grids have 1 tile at 1280px and 1440px. The spacing between media containers and text is 16px. Uniform grid List grid X-Large tile count Uniform grid Uniform grids have 4 tiles at 1680px and above. The horizontal spacing between item tiles is 16px. If the left hand navigation is removed, another tile occupies its place. List grid List grids have 1 tile at 1680px and above. The spacing between media containers and text is 16px. Uniform grid List grid Best practices Title alignment Do keep titles aligned even when one of the tiles has a priority signal visible. Don’t overwrite the layout to remove the offset spacing when one tile in a row has a priority signal. Price alignment Do keep prices aligned. Don’t let prices jump around. It affects the scan line for quick and easy price comparisons. Attribute alignment Do keep attributes aligned. Don’t let attributes jump around. It affects the scan line for quick and easy attribute comparisons. Amount of information Do show just enough information to differentiate an item and speed up decision making. Don’t overload item tiles with too much information. Do aim for no more than two icon buttons over the image. Don’t overload an item tile with icon buttons. This obscures the image and can negatively impact accessibility. Program badges Do only show the most important program badge at a time on item tiles. Don’t stack multiple program badges. Showing too many badges at once dilutes their importance. Do left-align program text when it wraps to two lines at smaller tile widths. Don’t let the text run under the icon. Specs Large gallery tile The example shown is meant to highlight all available options, as well as an overview of core spacing and sizing. Please note that a maximum of 4 attributes (below the price) should be used at a time. Small gallery tile The small gallery tile mostly follows the same space and style guidance as the large version. The main differences are the space above and below the price is 6px and the size of the program badge decreases to caption 12/16. Stacked attributes Attributes align to a 23px baseline grid. This grid is based on our body text line height of 20px with 3px of space between lines. In order for all attribute types to align on the baseline grid, unique top and bottom padding is needed for the different options. Individual attributes Each line height should add up to 20. The exception is the EEK icon. Purchase type: body 14/20 eBay Plus: 16px logo, 3px top padding, 1px bottom padding Program badge (Large): body 14/20 Program badge (Small): caption 12/16, 3px top padding, 1px bottom padding Product rating: 16px icon, 2px top padding, 2px bottom padding, caption 12/16 Color chips: 12px chips, 4px top padding, 4px bottom padding EEK rating and range: 24px icon, 3px top padding, 16px bottom padding Sponsor tag: caption 12/16, 3px top padding, 1px bottom padding Offsets Signal and title offsets are used to align title, price, and attributes on different baselines when placing gallery item tiles next to each other. This helps users better scan rows of content. Media carousel The media carousel is optional and supports both imagery and video. Large and small list tiles The large and small list tiles follow the same space and style guidance as the gallery versions. The main differences are the layout orientation, space between the images and content, and there are no signal or title offsets used. Resources Program badges Learn how to use color with program badges. Signal Learn how to use color for urgent, recent, and guidance signals. Carousel Learn how to build and use carousels. EEK rating and range Learn how to use EEK ratings and ranges. Icon button Learn how to use icon buttons. Change log Version Date Notes 2.2 Feb, 2025 Added carousel pagination and tappers to the anatomy Added title hover behavior Added media container hover behavior Added uniform and list grid tile counts for screen sizes Added specs for pagination Renamed “image” property to “media container” 2.1 Oct, 2024 Changed “gallery scaling” to “uniform grid scaling” and added list view scaling guidance Added guidance for the additional actions overflow icon button Updated to eBay Evo 2.0 Oct, 2022 Added action button to image Updated spacing between image and details Added option to show aspects Moved sponsor tag to the bottom of details Increased spacing around price Previous Input: Text field Next Item tile: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Skin Marko React

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/ITEM-TILE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/COLOR-TOKENS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Color tokens Color tokens Previous Tokens: Overview Next Dimension Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Semantic Background Title Value on light Value on dark color.background.primary color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 900 color.background.secondary color . core . neutral . 200 color . core . neutral . 800 color.background.tertiary color . core . neutral . 300 color . core . neutral . 700 color.background.accent color . core . blue . 500 color . core . blue . 400 color.background.attention color . core . red . 600 color . core . red . 400 color.background.success color . core . kiwi . 600 color . core . kiwi . 500 color.background.disabled color . core . neutral . 400 color . core . neutral . 600 color.background.elevated color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.background.secondaryOnElevated color . core . neutral . 200 color . core . neutral . 900 color.background.onSecondary color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 900 color.background.inverse color . core . neutral . 700 color . core . neutral . 300 color.background.strong color . core . neutral . 800 color . core . neutral . 100 color.background.education color . core . blue . 100 color . core . indigo . 800 color.background.transparent color . core . clear color . core . clear Foreground Title Value on light Value on dark color.foreground.primary color . core . neutral . 800 color . core . neutral . 200 color.foreground.secondary color . core . neutral . 600 color . core . neutral . 500 color.foreground.disabled color . core . neutral . 400 color . core . neutral . 600 color.foreground.accent color . core . blue . 500 color . core . blue . 400 color.foreground.attention color . core . red . 600 color . core . red . 400 color.foreground.success color . core . kiwi . 600 color . core . kiwi . 400 color.foreground.onAccent color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.foreground.onAttention color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.foreground.onSuccess color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.foreground.onInverse color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.foreground.onStrong color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.foreground.onDisabled color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.foreground.link.visited color . core . pink . 600 color . core . pink . 400 color.foreground.link.legal color . foreground . accent color . foreground . accent color.foreground.link.primary color . foreground . primary color . foreground . primary Border Title Value on light Value on dark color.border.strong color . core . neutral . 700 color . core . neutral . 100 color.border.medium color . core . neutral . 500 color . core . neutral . 600 color.border.subtle color . core . neutral . 300 color . core . neutral . 700 color.border.accent color . core . blue . 500 color . core . blue . 400 color.border.attention color . core . red . 600 color . core . red . 400 color.border.success color . core . kiwi . 600 color . core . kiwi . 500 color.border.onAccent color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.border.onAttention color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.border.onSuccess color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.border.onInverse color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.border.onDisabled color . core . neutral . 100 color . core . neutral . 800 color.border.disabled color . core . neutral . 400 color . core . neutral . 700 State layer Title Value on light Value on dark color.stateLayer.hover rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 08) rgba(color . core . neutral . 100, 0 . 08) color.stateLayer.pressed rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 08) rgba(color . core . neutral . 100, 0 . 08) color.stateLayer.selected rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 08) rgba(color . core . neutral . 100, 0 . 08) color.stateLayer.focus rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 04) rgba(color . core . neutral . 100, 0 . 04) Scrim Title Value on light Value on dark color.scrim.background rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 3) rgba(color . core . neutral . 900, 0 . 64) Loading Title Value on light Value on dark color.loading.fill #ededed #2d2d2d color.loading.fillOnSecondary #e4e4e4 #353535 AI Title Value on light Value on dark color.ai.solid.red.strong #ff4242 #ff4242 color.ai.solid.red.subtle #FFF4F4 #321919 color.ai.solid.yellow.strong #FFD80E #FFD80E color.ai.solid.purple.strong #993EE0 #993EE0 color.ai.solid.purple.subtle #F9F3FD #20172F color.ai.solid.blue.strong #0968F6 #0968F6 color.ai.solid.blue.subtle #F0F6FE #112C31 color.ai.solid.green.strong #4EE04B #4EE04B color.ai.solid.green.subtle #F1FDF1 #112611 Gradient Title Value on light Value on dark color.gradient.loading.shimmer rgba(248, 248, 248, 0) @ 0% rgba(248, 248, 248, 0 . 6) @ 25% rgba(248, 248, 248, 0 . 85) @ 37% rgba(248, 248, 248, 0 . 95) @ 48% rgba(248, 248, 248, 0 . 95) @ 51% rgba(248, 248, 248, 0 . 85) @ 61% rgba(248, 248, 248, 0 . 6) @ 74% rgba(248, 248, 248, 0) @ 100% rgba(27, 27, 27, 0) @ 0% rgba(27, 27, 27, 0 . 6) @ 25% rgba(27, 27, 27, 0 . 85) @ 37% rgba(27, 27, 27, 0 . 95) @ 48% rgba(27, 27, 27, 0 . 95) @ 51% rgba(27, 27, 27, 0 . 85) @ 61% rgba(27, 27, 27, 0 . 6) @ 74% rgba(27, 27, 27, 0) @ 100% color.gradient.loading.shimmerOnSecondary rgba(237, 237, 237, 0) @ 0% rgba(237, 237, 237, 0 . 6) @ 25% rgba(237, 237, 237, 0 . 85) @ 37% rgba(237, 237, 237, 0 . 95) @ 48% rgba(237, 237, 237, 0 . 95) @ 51% rgba(237, 237, 237, 0 . 85) @ 61% rgba(237, 237, 237, 0 . 6) @ 74% rgba(237, 237, 237, 0) @ 100% rgba(35, 35, 35, 0) @ 0% rgba(35, 35, 35, 0 . 6) @ 25% rgba(35, 35, 35, 0 . 85) @ 37% rgba(35, 35, 35, 0 . 95) @ 48% rgba(35, 35, 35, 0 . 95) @ 51% rgba(35, 35, 35, 0 . 85) @ 61% rgba(35, 35, 35, 0 . 6) @ 74% rgba(35, 35, 35, 0) @ 100% color.gradient.ai.fullColorDiagonal color . ai . solid . green . strong @ 10% color . ai . solid . blue . strong @ 27% color . ai . solid . purple . strong @ 42% color . ai . solid . red . strong @ 56% color . ai . solid . yellow . strong @ 78% color . ai . solid . green . strong @ 10% color . ai . solid . blue . strong @ 27% color . ai . solid . purple . strong @ 42% color . ai . solid . red . strong @ 56% color . ai . solid . yellow . strong @ 78% color.gradient.ai.green.strong color . ai . solid . blue . strong @ 0% color . ai . solid . green . strong @ 100% color . ai . solid . blue . strong @ 0% color . ai . solid . green . strong @ 100% color.gradient.ai.green.subtle color . ai . solid . blue . subtle @ 0% color . ai . solid . green . subtle @ 100% color . ai . solid . blue . subtle @ 0% color . ai . solid . green . subtle @ 100% color.gradient.ai.blue.strong color . ai . solid . purple . strong @ 0% color . ai . solid . blue . strong @ 50% color . ai . solid . green . strong @ 100% color . ai . solid . purple . strong @ 0% color . ai . solid . blue . strong @ 50% color . ai . solid . green . strong @ 100% color.gradient.ai.blue.subtle color . ai . solid . purple . subtle @ 0% color . ai . solid . blue . subtle @ 50% color . ai . solid . green . subtle @ 100% color . ai . solid . purple . subtle @ 0% color . ai . solid . blue . subtle @ 50% color . ai . solid . green . subtle @ 100% color.gradient.ai.purple.strong color . ai . solid . red . strong @ 0% color . ai . solid . purple . strong @ 100% color . ai . solid . red . strong @ 0% color . ai . solid . purple . strong @ 100% color.gradient.ai.purple.subtle color . ai . solid . red . subtle @ 0% color . ai . solid . purple . subtle @ 100% color . ai . solid . red . subtle @ 0% color . ai . solid . purple . subtle @ 100% Expressive theme Title Background Foreground expressiveTheme . avocado . light color . core . avocado . 400 color . core . avocado . 700 expressiveTheme . avocado . medium color . core . avocado . 500 color . core . avocado . 700 expressiveTheme . avocado . dark color . core . avocado . 700 color . core . avocado . 200 expressiveTheme . blue . light color . core . blue . 400 color . core . blue . 800 expressiveTheme . blue . medium color . core . blue . 500 color . core . blue . 100 expressiveTheme . blue . dark color . core . blue . 700 color . core . blue . 200 expressiveTheme . coral . light color . core . coral . 400 color . core . coral . 800 expressiveTheme . coral . medium color . core . coral . 500 color . core . coral . 800 expressiveTheme . coral . dark color . core . coral . 700 color . core . coral . 200 expressiveTheme . dijon . light color . core . dijon . 400 color . core . dijon . 800 expressiveTheme . dijon . medium color . core . dijon . 500 color . core . dijon . 800 expressiveTheme . dijon . dark color . core . dijon . 700 color . core . dijon . 200 expressiveTheme . green . light color . core . green . 400 color . core . green . 700 expressiveTheme . green . medium color . core . green . 500 color . core . green . 700 expressiveTheme . green . dark color . core . green . 700 color . core . green . 200 expressiveTheme . indigo . light color . core . indigo . 400 color . core . indigo . 800 expressiveTheme . indigo . medium color . core . indigo . 500 color . core . indigo . 800 expressiveTheme . indigo . dark color . core . indigo . 700 color . core . indigo . 200 expressiveTheme . jade . light color . core . jade . 400 color . core . jade . 800 expressiveTheme . jade . medium color . core . jade . 500 color . core . jade . 100 expressiveTheme . jade . dark color . core . jade . 700 color . core . jade . 200 expressiveTheme . kiwi . light color . core . kiwi . 400 color . core . kiwi . 700 expressiveTheme . kiwi . medium color . core . kiwi . 500 color . core . kiwi . 800 expressiveTheme . kiwi . dark color . core . kiwi . 700 color . core . kiwi . 200 expressiveTheme . lilac . light color . core . lilac . 400 color . core . lilac . 800 expressiveTheme . lilac . medium color . core . lilac . 500 color . core . lilac . 100 expressiveTheme . lilac . dark color . core . lilac . 700 color . core . lilac . 200 expressiveTheme . marigold . light color . core . marigold . 400 color . core . marigold . 700 expressiveTheme . marigold . medium color . core . marigold . 500 color . core . marigold . 700 expressiveTheme . marigold . dark color . core . marigold . 700 color . core . marigold . 200 expressiveTheme . neutral . light color . core . neutral . 200 color . core . neutral . 800 expressiveTheme . neutral . medium color . core . neutral . 200 color . core . neutral . 800 expressiveTheme . neutral . dark color . core . neutral . 800 color . core . neutral . 100 expressiveTheme . orange . light color . core . orange . 400 color . core . orange . 700 expressiveTheme . orange . medium color . core . orange . 500 color . core . orange . 800 expressiveTheme . orange . dark color . core . orange . 700 color . core . orange . 200 expressiveTheme . pink . light color . core . pink . 400 color . core . pink . 800 expressiveTheme . pink . medium color . core . pink . 500 color . core . pink . 800 expressiveTheme . pink . dark color . core . pink . 700 color . core . pink . 200 expressiveTheme . red . light color . core . red . 400 color . core . red . 700 expressiveTheme . red . medium color . core . red . 500 color . core . red . 800 expressiveTheme . red . dark color . core . red . 700 color . core . red . 200 expressiveTheme . teal . light color . core . teal . 400 color . core . teal . 700 expressiveTheme . teal . medium color . core . teal . 500 color . core . teal . 700 expressiveTheme . teal . dark color . core . teal . 700 color . core . teal . 200 expressiveTheme . violet . light color . core . violet . 400 color . core . violet . 800 expressiveTheme . violet . medium color . core . violet . 500 color . core . violet . 200 expressiveTheme . violet . dark color . core . violet . 700 color . core . violet . 200 expressiveTheme . yellow . light color . core . yellow . 400 color . core . yellow . 700 expressiveTheme . yellow . medium color . core . yellow . 500 color . core . yellow . 700 expressiveTheme . yellow . dark color . core . yellow . 700 color . core . yellow . 200 Core Title Value color . core . avocado . 100 #FDFEF6 color . core . avocado . 200 #F8FCDE color . core . avocado . 300 #E9F5A0 color . core . avocado . 400 #E3F13C color . core . avocado . 500 #C1D737 color . core . avocado . 600 #68770D color . core . avocado . 700 #4E4E0C color . core . avocado . 800 #282306 color . core . blue . 100 #F5F9FF color . core . blue . 200 #D4E5FE color . core . blue . 300 #84B4FB color . core . blue . 400 #4D93FC color . core . blue . 500 #0968F6 color . core . blue . 600 #0049B8 color . core . blue . 700 #002A69 color . core . blue . 800 #19133A color . core . coral . 100 #FFF7F5 color . core . coral . 200 #FFE1D7 color . core . coral . 300 #FFA78A color . core . coral . 400 #FF6A38 color . core . coral . 500 #F3511B color . core . coral . 600 #D03706 color . core . coral . 700 #5E1D08 color . core . coral . 800 #2F0E04 color . core . dijon . 100 #FFFDF5 color . core . dijon . 200 #FCF9DE color . core . dijon . 300 #FAEF8A color . core . dijon . 400 #F6E016 color . core . dijon . 500 #E8D20C color . core . dijon . 600 #766F28 color . core . dijon . 700 #524500 color . core . dijon . 800 #2E2400 color . core . green . 100 #FBFEF6 color . core . green . 200 #F0FCE1 color . core . green . 300 #D5F6AA color . core . green . 400 #AAED56 color . core . green . 500 #92C821 color . core . green . 600 #507D17 color . core . green . 700 #345110 color . core . green . 800 #1C2D06 color . core . indigo . 100 #F5FBFF color . core . indigo . 200 #D3EFFE color . core . indigo . 300 #80D0FD color . core . indigo . 400 #0AA7FF color . core . indigo . 500 #0099F0 color . core . indigo . 600 #0364AB color . core . indigo . 700 #003C66 color . core . indigo . 800 #01193D color . core . jade . 100 #F7FDFB color . core . jade . 200 #D8F8EE color . core . jade . 300 #8FEACE color . core . jade . 400 #1ED49E color . core . jade . 500 #17C28F color . core . jade . 600 #0F805E color . core . jade . 700 #055743 color . core . jade . 800 #002B20 color . core . kiwi . 100 #F6FEF6 color . core . kiwi . 200 #E0FAE0 color . core . kiwi . 300 #A6F0A5 color . core . kiwi . 400 #4CE160 color . core . kiwi . 500 #3CC14E color . core . kiwi . 600 #288034 color . core . kiwi . 700 #1B561A color . core . kiwi . 800 #0C310D color . core . lilac . 100 #FAF5FE color . core . lilac . 200 #EFDDFD color . core . lilac . 300 #CC9EF0 color . core . lilac . 400 #B56BF0 color . core . lilac . 500 #8935CB Title Value color . core . lilac . 600 #631F99 color . core . lilac . 700 #3E135F color . core . lilac . 800 #2F041E color . core . marigold . 100 #FFFBF5 color . core . marigold . 200 #FFF0D3 color . core . marigold . 300 #FFD480 color . core . marigold . 400 #FFA800 color . core . marigold . 500 #E99A02 color . core . marigold . 600 #A36302 color . core . marigold . 700 #562F01 color . core . marigold . 800 #2F1B04 color . core . neutral . 100 #FFFFFF color . core . neutral . 200 #F7F7F7 color . core . neutral . 300 #E5E5E5 color . core . neutral . 400 #C7C7C7 color . core . neutral . 500 #8F8F8F color . core . neutral . 600 #707070 color . core . neutral . 700 #363636 color . core . neutral . 800 #191919 color . core . neutral . 900 #000000 color . core . orange . 100 #FFFAF5 color . core . orange . 200 #FFEAD3 color . core . orange . 300 #FFC382 color . core . orange . 400 #FF8806 color . core . orange . 500 #EC7303 color . core . orange . 600 #C15100 color . core . orange . 700 #562501 color . core . orange . 800 #2F1604 color . core . pink . 100 #FEF6FA color . core . pink . 200 #FCDCEC color . core . pink . 300 #F79CC8 color . core . pink . 400 #F155A0 color . core . pink . 500 #DE458E color . core . pink . 600 #A51359 color . core . pink . 700 #4B112D color . core . pink . 800 #360606 color . core . red . 100 #FFF5F5 color . core . red . 200 #FFDEDE color . core . red . 300 #FFA0A0 color . core . red . 400 #FF5C5C color . core . red . 500 #F02D2D color . core . red . 600 #D50B0B color . core . red . 700 #570303 color . core . red . 800 #2A0303 color . core . teal . 100 #F7FDFD color . core . teal . 200 #D7F4F6 color . core . teal . 300 #8EDFE5 color . core . teal . 400 #44CCD5 color . core . teal . 500 #1BBFCA color . core . teal . 600 #006F93 color . core . teal . 700 #07465A color . core . teal . 800 #04252F color . core . violet . 100 #F6F5FE color . core . violet . 200 #E2DDFD color . core . violet . 300 #AD9EFA color . core . violet . 400 #836BFF color . core . violet . 500 #583AEE color . core . violet . 600 #3B1FC6 color . core . violet . 700 #271A68 color . core . violet . 800 #20092B color . core . yellow . 100 #FFFCF5 color . core . yellow . 200 #FFF8D5 color . core . yellow . 300 #FFE58A color . core . yellow . 400 #FFBD14 color . core . yellow . 500 #EEBB04 color . core . yellow . 600 #855F00 color . core . yellow . 700 #553B06 color . core . yellow . 800 #312102 color . core . clear rgba(color . core . neutral . 100, 0)

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/TOKENS/COLOR-TOKENS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/OBJECT-STYLES-IN-MARKETING #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Object styles in marketing Object styles provide structure and communicate shared behavior between elements. Object styles in marketing On this page Radius Shadow Resources Change log Radius Radius is used widely throughout our system. Each radius size is intentionally applied to select elements. View all Radius tokens . Uniform Images within a uniform stack use the same radius. Scaled In a scaled stack, the corner radius is determined by using multiples of 8. A common corner radius stack behavior is 16, 24, and 32px. Shadow Adding depth in discovery layouts Adding shadows to our cards increases contrast and adds a sense of depth. Drop shadow specs x0 y20 Blur 64 Color #000000 Opacity 20% Multiply Adding depth in browse layouts Adding shadows to our cards increases contrast and adds a sense of depth. Drop shadow specs x0 y20 Blur 64 Color #000000 Opacity 20% Multiply Resources Composition Learn how to build layouts across product and marketing applications. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Using object styles in product Next Voice and tone: Our voice Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/OBJECT-STYLES-IN-MARKETING #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/INTERACTION-STATES #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Interaction states States communicate the status of a component in response to user interaction. Interaction states On this page Considerations Types State layer Disabled state Resources Change log Considerations Subtle State changes are lightweight and distinct. Additives If multiple states occur simultaneously, like selected and hover, each will be clear and obvious. Consistent State changes are similar across components throughout the system. Types Enabled The enabled state indicates an interactive component. Disabled The disabled state indicates a component isn’t interactive. The component may become interactive when prerequisites are met. Hover The hover state indicates that a cursor is actively hovering over a component. Hover states can be combined with focused, activated, selected, or pressed states. Focus The focus state indicates that a keyboard has tabbed to a component. Selected The selected state indicates a static choice. Press The press state state indicates a tap or click is occurring. Drag The drag state occurs if an element is actively being held. Active The active state indicates a current destination or selection. State layer A state layer is a semi-transparent overlay applied to an element, acting as a visual indicator of its current state. Only one state layer can be active at a time. Label State layer Content Color fill For elements with a container, a state-layer is added above the content. Each state increases the opacity by 4%. Dark mode uses white (#FFF) for the interaction layer instead of black. Graphics Graphic elements use a heavier scrim to account for the variation in contrast and detail. Light and dark mode use black (#000). No container Elements that do not have a container, like links or pagination, use opacity to indicate a change in state. Light and dark mode use 60% opacity for hover states. The focused state does not receive the opacity shift. Disabled state A disabled state uses a disabled color to de-emphasize non-interactive parts of the UI. Resources Color tokens Learn about our color tokens. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Feb, 2022 Page created Previous Interaction levels Next Generative AI: Overview Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 5-second video shows three tiles of shoe images on a blue background. The computer cursor begins hover on the left image and moves to the right image where the tile is selected and a black outline appears around it. The cursor deselects the image and the outline disappears. The cursor hovers back to the image on the left. Video description: A 2-second video shows a gray disabled button that reads “+ Create new”. When the cursor hovers over it an icon with a circle with a line diagonally through it appears indicating the button is not able to be interacted with. Video description: A 2-second video shows three cta buttons. The primary cta in blue reads “Buy It Now” while the secondary buttons are in white and read “Make an offer” and “Add to cart” with a blue outline and text. The pointing hand cursor moves over each button and a hover state layer appears on each button upon hover. Video description: A 3-second video shows a tab icon animates in a tapping motion in the bottom left corner as the focus blue outline state moves between a form field, cta button, and check box in the center. Video description: A 4-second video shows three stacked buttons reading from top to bottom “Brand New”, “Seller refurbished”, and “Pre-owned”. The pointing hand cursor selects each button separately. Once selected the buttons receive the selected state layer and an outline around it. Video description: A 5-second video shows four images of a designer bag stacked in a grid. A cursor hovers over the bottom left tile and drags it up to the top left. The cursor forms a closed hand on drag and the top left image moves to the bottom and snaps into place. The closed hand then takes the top left image and drags it to the bottom left and snaps into place returning it to how it began. Video description: A 2-second video shows one blue cta button that reads “Buy It Now”. The cursor hovers over it and presses it. When selected the button scales down a bit to indicate the motion of pressing it. Video description: A 5-second animation shows the anatomy of a greyscale tile state layer. It transitions to an isometric, exploded view. Number 1 points to “Label” on the top. Number 2 points to a middle state layer with an opacity. Number 3 points to the content layer at the bottom. It transitions back to a flat tile.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/INTERACTION-STATES #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/DEPTH-IN-MOTION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Depth in motion Adding depth in animation can help tie elements together, making designs feel more grounded in reality and creating a more immersive viewing experience. Depth in motion On this page 2.5D 3D Change log 2.5D By using 2.5D techniques in motion, we’re creating playful and visually satisfying elements that can be useful for many projects. Video description: A 3-second video shows a close up of a woman with a confident expression on a solid and vibrant yellow background. The image scales back and a 2.5D technique in motion happens where four image cards are filed through and the last image zooms in and takes over the screen. It is a close up of a smiling man looking down on a solid red background with the eBay logo in the center. Video description: A 6-second video shows individual cards with a single right-facing, colorful sneaker displayed on a white background. The cards span diagonally from the top left down to the right where they go from large to increasingly smaller. It has a cascading motion where when the images flip to the right to show 2.5D technique in motion. 3D Photorealistic 3D is used to highlight the beautiful products that appear on our site, allowing viewers to get an up-close view. Always keep products as realistic as possible. Video description: A 3-second video shows 5 cards with right-facing sneakers on cards from top left diagonally to lower right. Once the middle card with a white nike sneaker is selected a photorealistic 3D motion happens where the sneaker zooms in and flips horizontally. Once the sneaker lands in place it is a zoomed in image with large display type reading “Off-White”, an outlined Authenticity Guarantee program badge lockup inside a pill shape and an icon reading “Free Shipping”. The heritage ebay logo appears in the lower left corner and “Things.People.Love” in the lower right corner. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Typography in motion Next Interaction: Interaction levels Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/DEPTH-IN-MOTION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/TYPOGRAPHY-IN-MOTION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Typography in motion Our typography in motion allows us to tell our stories in an even more dynamic way. We use animated type to convey our message, while never taking emphasis away from the products or imagery. Typography in motion On this page Headlines Interstitials Lower third Captions Resources Change log Headlines Headlines are one of the most prominent pieces of content we have to tell rich, authentic stories that resonate with our customers. Energetic To capture the ethos of our brand and product, our headline animation is spirited and upbeat. It cuts on word by word, and you can vary the timing to emphasize certain words. Gentle We provide an alternative line-by-line animation for moments that require a more emotional tone. Interstitials These interstitial title elements are designed to be flexible enough to work in many different contexts. As you construct these, be sure to follow all the previously outlined typographic and motion considerations. Lower third Identify subjects with a lower third on their first appearance. Leave the lower third on for a comfortable read, then fade it out. If time is tight, cut the lower third off with the shot. Captions Captions are included in our toolkit for when embedding is required, but you should always use the native caption options when they’re available. Resources Typography Learn how to use our typography across product and marketing applications. Brand motion toolkit Access our motion toolkit to create assets across platforms and software. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Layout in motion Next Depth in motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 3-second video shows a garage full of collectible cars and motorcycles. A woman wearing all denim walks a red motorcycle to the right of the screen while fun white text pops in word by word reading “The places for things people love.”. Video description: A 3-second video shows a close up of a woman working under the hood of a car at dusk. She is wiping the engine with a yellow cloth and the words “The place for things people love.” gently animates on the screen line by line in white text. Video description: A 6-second video shows a man in a hat walking to and sitting down at his desk. There is a monitor that displays graphic designs in front of a large industrial window. “Lorem ipsum” captions appear on the bottom of the screen in white. The captions continue as the scene changes to a closeup side portrait of the man working. Video description: A 5-second video shows a tan and dark brown patterned Prada handbag on a sage green velvet armchair in front of a tone on tone green patterned wallpaper. The image moves to the right and zooms out in a card layout while 2 other lifestyle images of women holding handbags stack in behind it. The last image fills more than half of the bright green background and fixes itself in the upper right side. The headline “Tips from top eBay sellers” is stacked in a dark green type in the upper left corner. The subtitle “Episode 3” is in the lower left corner across the ebay logo in the lower right corner, both in dark green. Video description: A 5-second full screen video shows a man sitting in a chair on a photography set between a large speaker and a big floor plant. He is causally laughing and crossing his legs while leaning on the speaker. The video zooms out and moves to the upper right corner filling over half the screen. The background is yellow and the headline “Tips from top eBay sellers” in dark brown stacks line by line in the upper left corner. The subtitle “Episode 3” is in the lower left corner and across from it is the ebay logo. The video plays the entire time without interruption as the screen moves around and positions itself with the text. Video description: A 4-second full screen video shows a young man with a hat and graphic t-shirt standing on a sidewalk looking straight into the camera. A white text title appears in the lower left hand corner that reads “Richard James” with “SourcedVTG on eBay” below. It fades out after a few seconds.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/TYPOGRAPHY-IN-MOTION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/LAYOUT-IN-MOTION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Layout in motion The design system has several layouts that communicate a sense of discovery when brought into motion. Even when designing for motion, always remember to adhere to our Layout in marketing guidelines. Layout in motion On this page Storytelling Catalog Discovery Browsing Resources Change log Storytelling Our design system is a playground for expression, from seller stories to captivating visuals. Combine design elements with our motion principles, and the storytelling possibilities are endless. Video description: A 9-second video shows a close up image of a designer watch on a man’s wrist. The screen zooms out and the watch image moves to the center of a colorful catalog grid of product images. The catalog scrolls down revealing more images until one row of product images zoom in with three images across that scroll to the left. A product image of a designer handbag opens, has a playful dropping motion and centers itself while the handle overlaps “Louis Vuitton” in the upper left with “Authenticity Guarantee” and “Free Shipping” badges below. The eBay logo is in the lower left corner and the tagline “Things.People.Love.” is in the lower right. The screen scrolls and the same layout appears but with a colorful pink “Valentino” handbag, followed by a brown “Celine”. Catalog Catalog is a multipurpose layout that can be treated in many different ways. In motion, it can show a wide variety of products and categories, or simply be used as a beautiful graphical element. Video description: A 3-second video shows an image of a gold Lady Liberty coin with a dark red velvet background spin to the center of a large white banner. The coin image shrinks down while a grid of colorful brand images pop onto the screen and all images scale and match to the same size. The images are of collectibles, jewelry, fashion, and sports items. Discovery Discovery's stacked carousels can convey selection in unique ways. This layout is flexible—you can experiment with different approaches when animating. Video description: A 3-second video shows a sequence of 5 overlapping images of sneakers descending diagnally from left to right. The images decrease in size as they descend. A slight pulse motion causes all five image to move places in a stacked carousel. Browsing Browsing is useful for showing selection in captivating ways. Use animation to guide focus in the hierarchy and create mesmerizing visuals. Resources Composition Learn how to build layouts across product and marketing applications. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Logo in motion Next Typography in motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/LAYOUT-IN-MOTION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/USING-MOTION-IN-MARKETING #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using motion in marketing Our brand motion system is a robust, principle-based toolkit used to add function, personality, and a human touch. It helps us show how people and products connect, emphasizing the ease of discovery on eBay. Using motion in marketing On this page Overview Principles Resources Change log Overview The motion that shows up throughout our system is meant to bring our brand to life in a consistent yet playful and unexpected way. Principles Video description: A 3-second video shows a black card that has a slight pop motion that then shrinks back down to place itself in the center of a 3x3 grid of black image cards. Anticipation Building anticipation in animation can lead to improved focus on specific elements. We create this sense of anticipation by easing out of a move before the coming action. This is a technique that works best with large moves and isn’t always necessary for smaller ones. Video description: A 1-second video shows 3 stacked cards that start small in the lower left corner and grow increasing larger to the upper right corner. Starting from the smallest is a pulsing echo movement. Once the motion hits the last and largest card it shrinks down to a circle and subtly pops off the screen so the other cards take its place. Stagger Staggering elements in motion effortlessly aligns with our design system's stacking elements. This helps grouped elements feel connected in a more natural way and like additional elements are an echo of the first. Video description: A 3-second video shows a white card with rounded corners that moves to fill the square. Bold black stacked words “Things.People.Love.” are in the center. The card shrinks down to a small circle in the center of the background until it disappears and the screen turns black. Masking Masking ties together disparate elements through using the signature design traits (consistent shapes, rounded edges). This calls back to the product in a way that feels familiar and uniquely eBay. Resources Brand motion toolkit Access our motion toolkit to create assets across platforms and software. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Motion in product: Expressive animation Next Logo in motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/USING-MOTION-IN-MARKETING #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/EXPRESSIVE-ANIMATION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Expressive animation Motion enhances the user experience with moments of delight, adding beautiful utility and encouraging deeper inspection. Expressive animation On this page Micro interactions Education Celebration Resources Change log Micro interactions Micro interactions are enhancements to elements or interactions that provide visual feedback and guide users in a more engaging way than a typical interaction. Video description: A 5-second video shows a collection grid of different micro interactions. The top left tile reads “Hang tight.” and then “Almost done.” while a dashed line in ebay colors animates below. To the right is a tile with 5 icons: home, profile, search, notification, and selling. A blue indicator hovers over each icon and the icons have a popping wiggle motion. The bottom left tile shows the filled AI icon centered that swipes to the left and gets smaller, while a chat bubble appears with a typing indicator and a message. To the right of that is a bright green illustrated tile with a handbag and watch in a box. There is a white button reading “Luxury”. The illustration has a pop motion and a black outline appears around it. The button turns black and in white reads a checkmark and “Luxury”. The last tile is a shopping cart icon in a white circle on a pink background. The icon has a popping motion and a small red circle with “1” appears on its upper right. The popping motion happens as the red circle changes from “1” to “2” to “3”. Best practice Do use micro interactions and animations sparingly to guide attention. Video description: A 2-second video shows a mobile listing screen with three stacked buttons. A blue “Buy it Now” button and two blue outlined “Add to cart” and “Add to watchlist” buttons. Below there is a callout with a trophy icon and copy stacked above a shipping icon and copy. The trophy icon has a spinning and small hop micro animation while the rest of the screen is static. Don’t overuse animations together as they can be distracting. Education Using motion in educational experiences is a powerful tool to help tell stories in product. Whether the visuals are literal to the experience or more abstract and illustrated, we're able to grab the user's attention and articulate our message more clearly with motion. Video description: A 6-second video shows a mobile screen with a slide up bottom sheet with a tutorial animation on top with the selling icon circled in blue and related content below. It reads “Introducing seller navigation. We’ve created a separate nav for sellers! Switch between them using the icon in the bottom right.” There is blue “Next” button on the bottom right, with a “Back” button on the left. A circular click indicator selects “Next”. The screen in the animation on top changes while the blue circle on the selling icon stays. The bottom has the the same headline as 1/1 did but with content that reads “When selected, you’ll be guided to a customizable page filled with useful tools.” and 2/2 between the same buttons. The click indicator selects “Back” and it transitions back to 1/1 notes and animation. Celebration Celebratory moments in product add visual delight, build trust with users, and provide clear feedback that the actions they took were worth doing. Introducing motion to these celebrations improves the entire experience by adding more personality. Video description: A 5-second video shows a screen of 2 mobile screens side by side. The left screen shows a “Review your listing” screen of a navy chair. When “List your item” icon is selected a new screen emerges from the bottom and moves up to fill the screen with a picture of the chair and below reads “Congrats! Your listing is now live!”. The smooth transition motions end with a green circle icon with a white checkmark that pops on the chair image. On the right there is a mobile Selling screen with account profile information and illustrated tutorial videos on the bottom. When the centered “List an item” button is selected a purple screen emerges from the bottom and fills the screen. An illustration of a young man holding product tile illustrations of a shirt, bag, sneaker, and watch animate in a scrolling motion and below reads “Welcome to selling! This is your selling overview. Your space to list, ship, explore and more. Let’s go!” At the bottom is a dark purple “Finish onboarding” button. Resources Motion tokens Learn about our motion tokens. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Product transitions Next Motion in marketing: Using motion in marketing Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 2-second video shows a listing mobile screen that reads “Est. delivery Wed, Sep 15 - Fri, Oct 1”. Below is a callout with a promotion icon and copy “Take $52 off this item”. The icon is animated and goes from two tags to 3 spread out tags and back. Three stacked buttons are below followed by a callout with a trophy icon and copy stacked above a shipping icon and copy. The trophy icon has a spinning and slight hop micro animation. The shipping box icon has an animation that hops and the top flaps open.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/EXPRESSIVE-ANIMATION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/PRODUCT-TRANSITIONS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Product transitions Transitions can help with focusing attention, masking latency, and creating a consistent experience in product. We use several different transition patterns in the product that all have their own benefits. Product transitions On this page Navigate Push Glide Reveal Loading Resources Change log Navigate The Navigate pattern is used to quickly navigate to a new page. This is the most common pattern on web but has other applications across the product, like selecting a key page from the bottom navigation. Video description: A 4-second video shows the Home Screen with a banner image of the bottom of three peoples legs with sneakers with display reading “Items certified by the brands you love” and a “Shop now” button. Below that a section for recently viewed items appears. The “My eBay” icon in the bottom navigation is selected and the new screen loads quickly with a subtle loading animation. The “Home” icon is selected and it quickly switches back to the Home Screen. Push The Push pattern is our most common transition while navigating between pages on mobile platforms. It’s a clear signal for users who are browsing that they can always return to where they previously were. Video description: A 4-second video shows the Home Screen with a banner image of 3 designer handbags on a sage green velvet couch with title copy that reads “Bag the best bargains” and recently viewed item images below. “Deals” is selected from the filter bar and the deals page slides in from the right. When the back button is selected on the upper left corner the Home Screen slides back in place from the left. Glide The Glide pattern is the most expressive way to transition from one page to another. This pattern creates a consistent experience from page to page by transferring key elements seamlessly. Video description: A 5-second video shows a mobile Search for anything screen. Underneath the search field is a gallery of 2 products that bleed off the side of the screen. A small screen mosaic grid below the display copy “Picked for you”. A circular click indicator selects the image with a white sneaker and has a gliding transition to the product page. When the back button is selected the same gliding transition brings you back to the search screen. Reveal The Reveal pattern is used to introduce new content such as snackbars, bottom sheets, modals, and popovers. Video description: A 4-second video shows a search results mobile page of wall clocks. Underneath the filter bar there is a two column grid of product tiles. When “Filter” is selected from the filter bar a bottom sheet pops up from the bottom of the screen. It has a stacked list of 5 different “Condition” options, each with a checkbox followed by a blue button that reads “See 684 results”. When the “X” is selected the bottom sheet slides back down. Loading Loading is additive to other transition patterns. Almost every transition will likely have some sort of visible load state applied to it. Though loading is used in several different ways across the product, its purpose never changes. It’s used to reduce friction when transitioning, focus the user’s attention, give them confidence that everything is working properly, and create the illusion of shorter wait times. For more info, see Loading overview . Video description: A 4-second video shows a mobile search screen that reads “Outdoor furniture” in the search field. A list of suggested categories is listed below. The click indicator selects the return button on the keypad and a skeleton loader slides in from the left that is still loading. It has filter buttons on the top but the image tiles and copy are light gray. The images and copy appear at once in place of the gray elements. When the back button is selected it returns to the search screen. Resources Motion tokens Learn about our motion tokens. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Volume of motion Next Expressive animation Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/PRODUCT-TRANSITIONS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/VOLUME-OF-MOTION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Volume of motion Establishing the volume of motion needed for your product experience can more efficiently help designers make decisions. Volume of motion On this page Volume Baseline Moderate Expressive Resources Change log Volume Baseline The lowest volume of motion includes basic OS motion patterns that help guide users through the experience, such as simply moving between pages and using pop-ups. Video description: A 3-second video shows a mobile search page with “Your recently viewed items” on the top and “Your watched” section below. When the first product image of black headphones is selected the corresponding product page slides in from the right. It slides back to the right to return to the mobile search page. Moderate Utilitarian motion patterns enrich the experience and guide users without distracting them. Examples of these patterns include loading and heart or checkbox fills throughout the eBay experience. Video description: A 3-second video shows a search results page with stacked item tiles of sneakers. The top right image has the save icon selected. A “Sort & filter” panel slides out from the right. A checkbox is selected for “New with tags” under the “Condition” filter. Once selected the panel slides back to the right returning to the search results page. Expressive The highest volume of motion includes immersive motion patterns that draw the eye, capture attention, and guide focus. This should be used purposefully and sparingly. If using this volume of motion, carefully consider the experience before implementing. Too many expressive movements used simultaneously or even too closely to each other can have a negative effect. Video description: A 3-second video shows two people driving in a yellow car with a white roof box on top. They are both smiling and raising their hands in excitement. The car has a quick bounce motion and the pine tree air freshener hanging on the rearview mirror swings. It is on a yellow background that reads “Your order is cruising’ your direction” with a brown “Track your order button”. Resources Motion tokens Learn about our motion tokens. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Repurposed the original “Motion” documentation and updated to eBay Evo Previous Using motion in product Next Product transitions Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/VOLUME-OF-MOTION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/USING-MOTION-IN-PRODUCT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using motion in product We use motion to help engage, navigate, and delight. Motion creates a more human experience by bringing our product to life. Using motion in product On this page Considerations Easing Choreography Focus Resources Change log Considerations Video description: A 4-second video shows a mobile design with 2x2 grid of tiles. The bottom left tile pops up and takes over the design. The product image is enlarged with copy beneath. It eases back to its original place in the stacked grid. Easing Leverage easing to emphasize different moments of an action, imply a specific emotion, and add an overall level of polish. Video description: A 4-second video shows a close up of a mobile design with a nav bar featuring a search field and cart icon. Below are 2 image tiles. A complex motion interaction occurs where all elements work together. A quick left slide motion occurs and a back arrow icon appears in place of the search field and an overflow horizontal icon is after the shopping cart icon. Below the 2 tiles transform to 1 tile. Choreography Make sure that movement flows seamlessly—all elements should move in harmony, create a cohesive experience, and effortlessly guide the user's attention. Video description: A 4-second video shows a mobile design of a product image tile with copy and a button below. The button is selected and an animated bottom sheet slides up. It reads “Just a moment.” with a dashed line of ebay colors animating below. It pops back down so the product design appears again. Focus Use motion intentionally as a tool to highlight the highest-priority information and create more meaningful connections with our users. Easing Easing is a key principle not only in our system but in animation as a whole. There are numerous ways to enhance movement through animation curves. When comparing animations of the same time duration, you can convey different levels of responsiveness, elegance, playfulness, and other characteristics simply by adjusting the curve. Video description: A 7-second video shows a graph of two curved lines ascending to the right. At the same time on the right of the screen 2 pill shaped buttons rising from bottom to top with a trail behind them. The graph then shows 2 curved lines descending while on the right the two buttons move top to bottom with a trail fading behind them. eBay Fluid Our primary motion curve, eBay Fluid {cubicBezier.fluid}, is both responsive and elegant. Default to this curve as it works in most situations across the product. Video description: A 5-second video of an easing motion curve going from the bottom left of the screen that raises vertically quickly and continues to move up but at a slower steady pace. At the same time a corresponding dot in motion is on the right moving up the screen at the same speed as the curve. The curve moves down from top right to bottom left in the same motion patten but inverse. The dot on the right shows corresponding ease in motion from top to bottom. Selecting an ease Selecting the speed of an animation is both scientific and based on the intended impression of the experience. We aim to create experiences that are consistently smooth and responsive. For a full list of our pre-defined ease and duration settings, see our Motion tokens . Video description: A 18-second video shows 2x3 grid with pre-defined ease and duration settings for animation on the left side. Those are: Fluid, Quick, Smooth, Respond, Bounce, and Linear. On the right hand side there is a mobile screen with product images in a grid. When an animation setting is selected and outlined on the left, a slide up bottom sheet appears on the mobile screen on the left. It has an illustration of a man looking at a smart phone while a dragon playing card, an alien figurine, and a comic book float above him with a headline and a blue “Get the app” button. Each setting is selected and and shown on the right with the same mobile screen showcasing the different animation styles possible in the same time duration. Choreography For both simple and complex motion interaction, ensuring that all elements work together enhances the overall experience. Remember that not all elements are required to have the same timing, animation curve, or action—they just need to be in harmony. 1x .5x .25x Sequencing When sequencing multiple animations into a larger interaction, it’s critical to focus attention and not present elements out of the intended sequence. Video description: A 3-second video shows a search screen with a search bar with “Computer chair” typed in and triggers a choreography of sequencing motion. AI chat bubbles load, 2x2 item tiles appear with images of computer chairs along with titles and prices below each. The motion has a fluid loading action up until is hits the fixed bottom navigation. Focus Motion allows us to manipulate the design hierarchy in order to solve problems that static design often can not. Successful motion interactions should be seamless and invisible but also focus the user’s attention when desired. Video description: A 5-second video shows a product mobile screen where the the click indicator selects the “Add to Cart” button. Once selected a bottom sheet slides up that reads “Adding to Cart” with a loading animation of ebay heritage colors in a dashed line. A new bottom sheet appears that reads “Added to cart” and has a sneaker image along with the product details and a blue “Go to cart” button followed by “Related sponsored items” showing 2 sneaker images. The click indicator selects the “X” on the upper right corner of the bottom sheet. The bottom sheet closes out and the main mobile screen is back. Best practice Do use motion to create special moments to call attention to interactions that are important. Video description: A 7-second video shows a mobile product page. When scrolling down it stops at the product name, seller info, and price. There is a promotional callout with a light blue background with a promotion icon that has a fanning and stacking motion followed by “Take $52 off this item” and an arrow. Don’t use unnecessary or distracting motion just for the sake of creating visual excitement—oftentimes it may not be the best design solution. Video description: A 7-second video shows a mobile product page of a white sneaker. When scrolling down the cart icon spins in the upper right corner. The circle seller profile pulses while the price and “Free 3 day shipping by Tue 29 to WA 98125” slides in from the left. Below are 3 stacked callout fields. The first callout has a light blue background that reads “Take $5 off this item” while the icon has a stacking and fanning motion. The second callout flashes the copy “New with tags” on and off. The third callout copy slides in from the right at the same time as the price and shipping info. All of these motions are happening at the same time and loop. Resources Motion tokens Learn about our motion tokens. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Page created with eBay Evo Previous Our motion Next Volume of motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION/USING-MOTION-IN-PRODUCT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-MARKETING/STACKS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Stacks Discovery is at the heart of the eBay experience and our new approach to expressing our brand brings that notion to the forefront of all our communications. We’ve developed a visual mechanism, the stack, to demonstrate the different experiences customers have when searching for their perfect item. Stacks On this page Image ratio Stack types Catalog Discovery Browse Best practices Resources Change log Image ratio We employ two image ratios for crafting our stack layouts, depending on their intended usage: 1:1 (square) and 4:3 (portrait and landscape). Stack types Our layout options are flexible and broad enough to cover all use cases—from showing off our cross-category catalog, to honing in on a singular item—our new system tells our brand story in unique and dynamic ways. Catalog Catalog uses a modular grid layout that displays our product variety. Discovery Discovery has a distinct layout that plays with scale and repetition. Browse Browse is the most expressive stack, adding a sense of playfulness. Catalog The catalog layout offers flexibility and can be crafted in various methods. Density When using the catalog layout, display a minimum of three cards. Always be aware of image quality and sizing, ensuring that photography is readable. Corner radii and spacing between cards are determined by using multiples of 8. Curation of imagery Tell our brand story through photography by selecting images that subtly incorporate eBay's colors into the overall composition without being the main focus or appearing too overt. Discovery We have two types of discovery stacks including uniform and scaled. Uniform Images within a uniform stack remain the same size and use the same radius. Scaled To create a scaled stack, we start with the largest card and decrease the size of each subsequent card by 25%. When using the discovery stack, display a minimum of three cards. Always be aware of image quality and sizing, ensuring that photography is readable. Corner radius and spacing between cards are determined by using multiples of 8. The smallest radius is 8 and scales upward from there. Layering Uniform When using the uniform stack, ensure that more than 50% of each card is visible, including the edges of the cards. Scaled When using the scaled stack, the overlapping card must not exceed 25% of the overlapped card size. Ensure product visibility stays within the approved overlap area. Adding depth Adding shadows to our cards increases contrast and adds a sense of depth. Drop shadow specs x0 y20 Blur 64 Color #000000 Opacity 20% Multiply Browse The browse stack adds a sense of playfulness to our visual system. This layout is versatile and suitable for social media and motion graphics. Adding depth Adding shadows to our cards increases contrast and adds a sense of depth. Drop shadow specs x0 y20 Blur 64 Color #000000 Opacity 20% Multiply Best practices Ensure that more than 50% of each card is visible. Don’t place cards in a way that obscures the subject matter. Resources Photography Learn how to use our photography across product and marketing applications. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Layout in marketing: Overview Next Motion: Our motion Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-MARKETING/STACKS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-MARKETING #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Layout in marketing eBay's grid system offers flexibility and modularity, empowering designers to craft versatile layouts suitable for a range of applications and contexts. Layout in marketing On this page Considerations Margins Grid Logo placement Hierarchy Composition On-site banners Resources Change log Considerations Structure Structure orchestrates visual elements to create a cohesive and engaging layout, guiding the viewer's eye while reinforcing brand identity and emphasizing focal points. Hierarchy Hierarchy establishes the relative importance of visual elements, guiding the viewer through variations in size, color, and placement. Composition Composition arranges visual elements within a framework to create a harmonious and impactful arrangement that effectively communicates the intended message or aesthetic. Margins The margin’s size is 5% of the shortest dimension of the format. Grid We use grids for constructing and defining layout structure, establishing hierarchy, achieving visual balance, and grouping information effectively. Logo placement In most cases the logo x-height is the same as the margin layout. When handling wide or narrow formats, use your best judgment to ensure that the logo look optically correct. Hierarchy Clear hierarchy is important to any layout as it brings balance to a composition and ensures that information is easily understood by users. Consider the various elements within a composition and how they work together to create meaningful hierarchy. Composition Each element in Evo is designed to work together to meet any communication need. Composition principles determine how each piece can sit alongside one another to meet these needs. On-site banners Banners drive traffic to curations, promotions, events, and programs. We have a variety of options that are expressive, personalized, and relevant. To learn more, visit the banner component page. Image background Image background banners have a single action button and a full-bleed image that extends edge to edge as the background. Color background Color background banners have a single action button and a single color background chosen based on a theme. Our color themes have pre-defined background and foreground colors for the text and button. You can find all of our brand-approved color combinations on our Using color page . Inset image Inset banners also have a single action button and images used in this banner type utilize lifestyle or studio PNG’s. The only available color for this template is our lightest gray background (N200) with black text. Multi-destination Multi-destination banners promote sales or events that link to multiple different destinations. Destinations should feature specific categories, brands, or price points and utilize a PNG with transparent background to represent it. Loyalty Loyalty banners promote sales or events that link to a single destination. They are used on dense, performance-focused shopping pages where height is a concern or there is no relevant image associated with the content. Resources Photography Learn how to use our photography across product and marketing applications. Banners Learn how to use on-site banners. Color Learn how to use our color across product and marketing applications. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Layout in product: Mosaic Next Stacks Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-MARKETING #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT/MOSAIC #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Mosaic A mosaic grid groups items in a visually compelling layout to show hierarchy, user signals, and user browsing behavior. Mosaic On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Content Screen sizes Best practices Specs Resources Change log Considerations Consistent Mosaic grids react consistently and expectedly across all platforms. Personal Mosaic grids contain items that are recommended and personalized to the user. Simplified Mosaics allow for a list of multiple complex items to be presented in a more consumable format. Anatomy Title Subtitle Hero tile Price pill Save action Action link Related items Properties Product specific Product-specific mosaic grids are used when we have advertising around a specific product. All tiles in the product-specific mosaic grid are item tiles, and all small tiles are related to the hero tile. Category / theme Category / theme mosaic grids are used to highlight a collection or items across adjacent categories. This could be things like "tailgating," "camping essentials," or "back to school." In this usage, the hero tile and "See all" link take the user to an event or landing page. Behavior Layout Mosaic grids should lead with a hero tile. However, when mosaic grids are stacked one after another, the following hero image will switch to the ride side of the layout. This behavior is only for medium- and large-screen sizes. Keyboard interaction Focusing on an item tile outlines the image with a focus indicator. TAB navigates through interactive elements within the tile. ENTER or SPACE activates nested elements or navigates to a detail page when the image is selected. Content Price The price is one of the most important elements and is required for all tiles. The price is always bolded. The price container sits on top of the image or on its own line below the image. Hero tile When possible, use the hero tile to reflect a specific signal, such as a frequently searched item, recently viewed, or a strong product recommendation based on browsing behavior. Related items Items related to the hero should still be personalized and relevant to the user, but they may not have as strong a signal as the hero tile. For example, the items are related to something the user has searched for but not something they've seen before. Screen sizes Small At small sizes, the hero item tile is always fixed to the top. Mosaic grids only display 5 item tiles total at small-screen sizes. Medium and Large At medium and large sizes, the hero item tile is fixed to the left. Mosaic grids only display 7 item tiles at these sizes. The hero item can be fixed to the right only if two mosaic grids are stacked. Best practices Keep it specific Do keep the content in mosaic grids specific to a product, category or theme. Don’t mix items from unrelated categories or use broad queries for items in a mosaic grid. They should be focused on a specific theme. Scrolling Do keep mosaic modules fixed to the grid. Title Don’t scroll mosaic grids off the viewport. Specs Large screen Small screen Resources Breakpoint tokens Learn about our breakpoint tokens. Item tile Learn how to build and use item tiles. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Mar, 2023 Added to library Previous Masonry Next Layout in marketing: Overview Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT/MOSAIC #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT/MASONRY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Masonry Masonry grids create a deterministic grid layout, positioning items based on available vertical and horizontal space. It contains performance optimizations like virtualization and support for infinite scrolling. Masonry On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Content Screen sizes Best practices Specs Resources Change log Considerations Inspiring Masonry is an immersive storytelling method for showing browsable content. Scannable Since masonry displays content collectively and cohesively, item tiles can be scanned quickly to preview and compare. Engaging Masonry is attention-grabbing without being overwhelming. Anatomy Title Content Link Properties Title A title is required for all masonry feeds. The title should be short and summarize the content within the feed. A link, “See all” by default, can be appended to the title. The link should lead to a page with more related content. Filter bar A filter bar can be added between the section title and items in a gallery grid. Filters only apply to the items in this module, not the rest of the page. If a user selects filters, they dynamically update this section only in-page. As they scroll, filters lock to the top of the page until the user scrolls past the module. Size There are 2 sizes for masonry tiles: Small and Large. Style There are two styles for masonry tiles: Pill and Title. Aspect Ratio Masonry grids should use at least 2-4 different ratios. 1:1 3:4 4:3 9:16 16:9 Ratio cropping Images are cropped or scaled to their closest aspect ratio to best fit into the masonry grid. Behavior Number of columns The number of columns in the masonry feed changes responsively based on the width of the grid and margins. The item width will grow and shrink to fill the column space. As you scale across breakpoints, be sure to follow the specific column guide for each grid size. Pagination We recommend avoiding pagination on small screens and native applications. Use a “see more” or infinite scroll pattern instead to allow users to load content on demand. Medium-to-large screen and native tablet apps can use a “see more” pagination where infinite scroll patterns aren’t appropriate. “See more” controls are fixed to the bottom of grids. Users only need to tap the control once. After that, the feed should automatically load more once they reach the end of the scroll. Content Product tiles Product tiles display an item preview with a select set of details to further decision-making and quickly compare similar items. Live tiles Live tiles display a live stream, preview an upcoming event, or display a playback of a stream. Live tiles have minimal attributes to focus the attention on the video. Minimum content There should be a minimum of 4-5 item tiles in each column on the initial load of the masonry grid. Screen sizes Small At small-screen sizes we recommend defaulting to a pill-style feed for a clean and easy-to-browse experience. Medium At medium sizes, tiles can either use pill or title versions, but we recommend keeping masonry tiles minimal by using the pill style. Best practices Tile styles Do keep all item tiles in a masonry grid the same style. Don’t mix item tile-style in a masonry grid. Content Do use masonry grids for a mix of content and categories. Don't use masonry grids to compare very similar items. Tiles per column Do keep the same number of item tiles in each column. For example, if column A has 5 items, each additional column should have 5 items. Don't have a different number of item tiles in each column. For example, if column A has 5 items, don't add fewer or more items in additional columns. Follow the grid Be sure to follow the grid and column guide for optimal visual density. Don't overcrowd your designs. Specs Pill details Item details Pill details Item details Resources Breakpoint tokens Learn about our breakpoint tokens. Item tile Learn how to build and use item tiles. Change log Date Notes Oct, 2024 Updated aspect ratio and ratio cropping examples Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Previous Uniform Next Mosaic Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT/MASONRY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT/UNIFORM #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Uniform We use uniform grids to showcase a defined number of items for easy comparison. Uniform On this page Considerations Anatomy Properties Behavior Screen sizes Best practices Specs Resources Change log Considerations Specific Whether it's user-curated or activity-based suggestions, items in uniform grids are closely related and generally share the same category. Comparative Uniform grids are organized so that all images are the same size and data like title and price are aligned so they can be compared easily. Concise Uniform grids are meant to contain a specific, curated set of items and are not meant to be scrolled endlessly. Anatomy Section title Subtitle Row See more button Column Action link Item tile Properties Section title Section titles are required on uniform grids. They anchor the item tiles on the page and give context as to why the user is seeing them. Subtitles on section titles are optional and only used when additional detail is required. Item title and price Titles can be used in uniform grids to give additional information that may be critical for comparing similar items. Price only The minimum amount of information used in a uniform grid is price only. Strikethrough price will appear on the right when applicable. “See more” button You can add a "See more" button below the default number of rows in a uniform grid to load additional items in place. Once tapped, the button loads a specific number of rows below those shown by default, which pushes the content below the uniform grid down. After the max number of new items have loaded, the button text changes to "See all," which takes users to the primary destination page. This page should be the same page as the "See all" link in the header, if there is one. If the uniform grid module appears at the bottom of a page, scrolling will load more items, but no button is necessary. Users can scroll continuously and keep loading content until no more items are available. Behavior Number of items The number of columns in the grid changes responsively based on the width of the screen and its margins. The item width will grow and shrink to fill the column space. As you scale across breakpoints, be sure to follow the specific column guide for each grid size. Text wrapping On screens smaller than 540px wide, titles wrap up to 3 lines and then truncate with an ellipses. On screens larger than 540px wide, titles wrap up to 2 lines and then truncate with an ellipses. Keyboard interaction Focusing on an item tile outlines the image with a focus indicator. TAB navigates through interactive elements within the tile. ENTER or SPACE activates nested elements or navigates to a detail page when the image is selected. Screen sizes Small On small screens, there are only 2 items per row with max 8 items total shown by default. Medium On medium screens, there are only 4 items per row with max 12 items total shown by default. Large On large screens, there are only 5 items per row with max 10 items total shown by default. Best practices Section titles Do always include a section title, preferably with some context as to why the user is seeing the uniform grid in the subtitle line. Don’t leave off the section title. It makes long pages hard to scan and doesn’t give the user enough context. Alignment Do align price to a single baseline even if titles have different lengths. Don’t stagger prices. Scaling Do always splay items out vertically. Don’t extend uniform grids out of view or make users scroll horizontally to access more items. Content Do use uniform grids for similar items in a specific category. Don’t use for multiple content types and/or categories. Specs Large screen Small screen Resources Breakpoint tokens Learn about our breakpoint tokens. Item tile Learn how to build and use item tiles. Change log Date Notes Oct, 2024 Updated name from “gallery” to “uniform” Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Mar, 2024 Updated grids to use 8px gutters between items for mobile breakpoints Mar, 2023 Added to library Previous Responsive layout Next Masonry Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT/UNIFORM #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT/RESPONSIVE-LAYOUT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Responsive layout A responsive layout according to viewport size. The use of a grid allows us to remain consistent throughout our products and platforms. Responsive layout On this page Overview Responsive web design Definitions Information architecture Design mindset Interaction considerations Responsive components Resources Change log Overview In the beginning, the web was accessed exclusively through desktop browsers. But today’s web is displayed across a wide variety of platforms and screen sizes. Providing a consistent experience across devices is a guiding principle that helps us earn our users’ trust and confidence. It provides an inclusive, performant, enjoyable user experience that increases conversion rates and simplifies analytics and business intelligence reporting. Video description: Animation of a responsively designed product detail page transforming form a small mobile layout to a large desktop layout. 00:00 Responsive web design Responsive web design (RWD) is the industry standard design approach that ensures that the content of a web page is delivered consistently on any device, whether it’s a phone, desktop, or TV web browser. Responsive web design is flexible and fluid, utilizing a single code base and a fluid grid system. Elements automatically resize and rearrange themselves, delivering the best user experience regardless of screen dimensions. Definitions Responsive Web Design A modern design approach that enables web page layouts, elements and images to be fluid and flexible in response to different screen sizes, orientations and platforms on which the web content is displayed. Adaptive Web Design A legacy design approach that creates a predefined layout for each of the devices, dimensions, and screen resolutions on which the content is expected to be displayed. Media Queries A Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) technique that dynamically applies styles to a single source of content to optimize it for the screen dimensions, orientation, and resolution on which it is displayed. Breakpoint The height or width threshold at which a layout breaks or changes to best fit the screen dimensions. In RWD the layout adjusts dynamically, in AWD a call to the web server is made to load the appropriate predefined layout for that breakpoint. Grid A layout structure used to organize content into rows and columns which form the foundation of responsive web design. In RWD grids are fluid and use relative units (percentages) instead of fixed pixels, allowing the grid to adjust or respond to different screen dimensions. Information architecture Effective information architecture (IA) can make responsive web design easier to implement by establishing a clear content structure that seamlessly responds to different screen sizes in an optimal way. Clear content hierarchy: Clear, structured hierarchy (headings, sections, calls-to-action) prioritizes what should be displayed or hidden (if it must) on smaller screens, ensuring optimal load times, good user experience, and achievement of business goals. Modular design: Structuring content into modular components (cards, blocks, sections) Progressive disclosure patterns: (accordions, carousel) can prevent the single column from becoming too long on narrow screens. Consistent navigation: Defining a flexible navigation system such as an overflow menu ensures familiar, consistent usability across devices. Design mindset Unlike a traditional design process, responsive web design prioritizes a mobile-first and content-first approach. Designing for the smallest screen first ensures that the most essential content and functions are prioritized. Then, progressively enhance the design for larger screens, adding complexity only where it enhances the experience. Interaction considerations Responsive web design not only responds to screen sizes but also accommodates different interaction modalities, such as touch and tap on mobile devices versus clicking and scrolling with a mouse, touchpad, and keyboard on desktops. Touch versus click: On touchscreen devices, elements like buttons, links, and menus need to be larger and more spaced out to accommodate finger taps and in the case of Apple, meet their Human Interface Guidelines (HIG). Responsive web design incorporates this by using sizing to make interactions easier. Scroll versus swipe: Mobile users rely on swiping and vertical scrolling due to the smaller screen space, while desktop users might use a combination of scrolling and precise clicking. Responsive web design simplifies layouts on mobile screens by stacking content vertically, making scrolling (swiping up or down) more intuitive. On larger screens, content fluidly expands into the multi-column grid layout previously discussed, to make better use of the space. Responsive components Many of our components are designed with flexible layouts to support responsive pages. Some examples: Alert notice Carousel Filter bar Section header Search bar These can work with our various page grids and may have minimum and maximum dimensions to consider. Start web layouts using components that are responsive instead of starting with native app standards. Native design components are often unsuitable for use on responsive web designs. Resources Breakpoint tokens Learn about our breakpoint tokens. Grids Learn how to use page grids for layout in product. Change log Date Notes Feb, 2025 Created with eBay Evo Previous Layout in product: Overview Next Uniform Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT/RESPONSIVE-LAYOUT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/SHOWCASE-ILLUSTRATION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Showcase Get inspired by this collection of work that shows our illustrations at their best. Showcase Illustration in product Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated visuals to align to current marketing guidelines Dec, 2023 Page created Previous Best practices Next Layout in product: Overview Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/SHOWCASE-ILLUSTRATION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/BEST-PRACTICES #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Best practices What—and what not—to do when using illustrations. Best practices On this page Color Level of detail Subject matter Change log Color Do use the color backgrounds that are already applied to the illustration. You can also always use a neutral background. Don’t apply your own background colors to illustrations. Do use roughly the same shade for all background colors when multiple illustrations are paired together in a list or carousel. Don’t mix extremely dark or light color backgrounds when multiple illustrations are paired in a single view. Do keep colored illustration backgrounds separate from text-heavy areas.. Don’t layer text on top of colored backgrounds in small, text-heavy areas. Level of detail Do place motif illustrations into background containers when multiple illustrations appear in a list. Don’t let illustrations float without background shapes or use overly complex illustrations in list views. Do use icons inside shapes under 80px by 80px. Don’t use illustrations inside shapes under 80px by 80px. Subject matter Do use illustrations when explaining a complex concept that a photo can't or that would feel too generic with a photo. Don’t use photos for concepts or emotions that are too vague or don’t feel genuinely related to the message. Do use photography or 3D when showing realistic details to gain trust. Don’t use illustrations when showing realistic details could gain trust. A photo or 3D rendering will be more effective. Do use illustrations to soften a difficult moment or provide encouragement during a difficult flow. Don’t use a generic icon in a frustrating situation, if possible. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Dec, 2023 Page created Previous Sizing and placement Next Showcase Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/BEST-PRACTICES #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/SIZING-AND-PLACEMENT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Sizing and placement Illustration sizing and placement always depends on where it's being used. Sizing and placement On this page Sizing, cropping, safe zones Placement Modes Resources Change log Sizing, cropping, safe zones Minimum size Minimum size for any illustration is inside an 80px by 80px container with a minimum of 12px padding on all sides. This ensures there's enough space around the illustration—it shouldn't feel cramped. Cropping Only crop illustrations when absolutely necessary. For example, if using a portrait illustration in a landscape container, you may need to crop the top or bottom slightly if sizing the illustration down would result in significant legibility issues or excessive white space. Try to do this sparingly and make sure no important details get cut off, such as hands or faces. Placement In education cards Illustrations in education cards should be centered horizontally within the safe zone. There should be a minimum of 24px padding from the top and bottom on large screens and 32px from the top and 24px from the bottom on small screens. They should always use a gray background, never color. In modals Illustrations in expressive modals should be centered within the image zone with a minimum of 16px padding in any direction. If you must crop an illustration from the bottom, make sure it still meets the minimum padding on all other sides. Illustrations should always use the gray or colorful background already included in the illustration. For more information on modal behavior and specs, visit the Dialog page. In null states Illustrations in null states should be max 168px by 168px on small screens and 200px by 200px on large screens. Padding between the image and typography should be 32px. Modes How illustrations are treated in dark mode depends on what color background they have. Illustrations with white backgrounds use semantic color tokens and their backgrounds invert automatically in dark mode. Illustrations with any other color background use core colors and do not change in dark mode. Illustrations with white backgrounds Illustrations with white backgrounds (Variant A) use the background.primary color token and invert in dark mode. Some illustrations on white also have dark mode variants that swap automatically to ensure contrast is maintained against the darker backgrounds. Any page or container shape that contains an illustration with a white background should use the same background.primary color token so there is a seamless transition between the illustration and it’s background at any screen size. Light mode Dark mode Illustrations with colored backgrounds Illustrations with light gray and colored backgrounds (Variants B-H) use core colors for their backgrounds and do not change in dark mode. Any container shape that holds an illustration with these background colors should utilize the same core color so when the screen resizes, the margins around the illustration have a seamless transition. Light mode Dark mode Resources Illustration components See each supported background color in our illustration components. OX Brand Design office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Brand Design team. Change log Date Notes Aug, 2024 Added “Modes” section Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Dec, 2023 Page created Previous Using illustration Next Best practices Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/SIZING-AND-PLACEMENT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/USING-ILLUSTRATION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using illustration We use illustrations to enhance our storytelling and create a bridge between our product language and lifestyle-focused imagery. Using illustration On this page When to use illustration Areas of use Education & onboarding Celebration Null states Categories Resources Change log When to use illustration Illustration works well in representing broad categories, abstract ideas, or complex processes that may be challenging to convey through photography or iconography alone. Illustration can also add a touch of whimsy and color to capture attention and evoke emotion. It's most effective when balancing realism and creative expression and most often used for education, celebration, null states, and categories. Use illustrations sparingly in the product experience to avoid dilution and overshadowing of content. All illustrations must undergo mandatory review by the OX team during office hours to ensure optimal use. Areas of use Onboarding Welcome users and introduce them to new features and concepts. Celebration Congratulate users on their wins and evoke positive emotions along their journey. Null states Indicate empty states and evoke a sense of delight during system errors. Categories To visually represent areas of our product that can be navigated or selected. Education & onboarding Illustration works well in representing broad categories, abstract ideas, or complex processes that may be challenging to convey through photography or iconography alone. Illustration can also add a touch of whimsy and color to capture attention and evoke emotion. It's most effective when balancing realism and creative expression and most often used for education, celebration, null states, and categories. In-page education Feature introduction cards introduce users to new features or programs, offering a way to learn more or try them out. They always use a neutral background and blue button to make it clear the message is from eBay. Modal onboarding A Seller page is shown on mobile and desktop screen sizes. On mobile, a full sheet is displayed with a Welcome to eBay Selling message. An illustration of two people facing each other in discussion is shown, with the two people gesturing to a blue Sold item tile of a white collard shirt with green and black stripes in between them.   On desktop, a modal is shown with the same illustration. Half sheet Full sheet Full color sheet Multi-step modal onboarding Multi-step modals are used for education and onboarding that need more than 1 step to explain. This may include explaining specific features or steps in a complex process or gathering multiple types of information from the user. Multi-step modals also accommodate an image and can use neutral or colored backgrounds. To ensure legible text and not-too-jarring transitions between steps, full-color sheets aren't available for multi-step modals. Half sheet Full sheet Celebration Illustrations are a wonderful way to celebrate user wins and deliver personalized moments of surprise and delight. We can introduce celebratory moments when they accomplish goals, or to build anticipation for a product that is about to arrive. Half sheet Full sheet Full color sheet Null states Illustrations can add inspiration to empty product areas or evoke a more positive reaction when something goes wrong. Avoid leaving users with a dead end by including a call-to-action. For example, refreshing the page if there was an error or adding favorites to a collection if they haven't yet. Empty states We use empty states when users encounter product areas that don’t have any data yet. Empty-state illustrations should represent what would be there and encourage users to take relevant action. System errors System errors can happen unexpectedly and be frustrating. In these situations, using illustrations that add a touch of humor or relatability helps ease the frustration. Ideally, they should have an action that allows the user to try again or refresh the page. When no illustration applies If no illustration fits your null-state needs, you can always use an icon instead. Make sure to use the 64px by 64px icon size—do not enlarge smaller icons in this context. Categories Illustrations visually indicate categories that a user can navigate to or select. This helps with easy identification, which allows users to quickly take action, whether that's exploring, saving, or adding personalized information. Resources Illustration components See each supported background color in our illustration components. OX Brand Design office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Brand Design team. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Dec, 2023 Page created Previous Visual tone Next Sizing and placement Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/USING-ILLUSTRATION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/VISUAL-TONE-ILLUSTRATION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Visual tone eBay's illustration tone authentically captures customer experiences and graphically communicates their products, passions, and communities. Visual tone Characteristics Our illustrations are textural, relatable, narrative-driven, and culturally sensitive. Textural Texture adds depth, character, and a tactile feel to our visual language. It amplifies our storytelling and helps create differentiated and memorable brand moments. Relatable Our illustrations evoke emotion and spark connection. Visually, this manifests as reflecting our global community, celebrating inclusivity, and capturing the wonderfully imperfect nature of what it means to be human. Narrative-driven Illustrations bring our brand to life by meaningfully conveying ideas and feelings. As a storytelling tool, they are intentional—not decorative—and communicate with customers in resonant ways. Culturally sensitive We’re proud of the global diversity of our marketplace and sensitive to representation. Our illustrations are mindful of cultural nuances and consciously inclusive when illustrating people, landscapes, traditions, and details. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Dec, 2023 Page created Previous Our illustrations Next Using illustration Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION/VISUAL-TONE-ILLUSTRATION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/SHOWCASE-ICONOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Showcase Get inspired by this collection of work that shows our iconography at its best. Showcase On this page Icons in product Icons in marketing Change log Icons in product Icons in marketing Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated examples Previous Best practices Next Illustration: Our illustrations Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/SHOWCASE-ICONOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/BEST-PRACTICES-ICONOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Best practices What—and what not—to do when using iconography. Best practices On this page Styling Size and spacing Subject matter Amount Change log Styling Do use the icon assets in our library. Don’t modify or change icons. Do partner with the Design System team to create icons that aesthetically adhere to our system. Don’t create icons that have a visually different style. Do use icons for their intended subject matter. Don’t use multiple icons to create a new icon or larger graphic. Do use a single color for icons. Don’t segment an icon into multiple colors. Do use our existing filled or active versions of icons when applicable. Don’t create your own filled or active versions of icons. Don’t rotate, skew, or stretch icons. Don’t alter the stroke weights of an icon. Don’t apply gradients or other effects to icons. Don’t fill icons with patterns or imagery. Size and spacing Do create icons at our standard sizes. Don’t create arbitrarily-sized icons. Do use our provided icon sizes. Our icons are drawn at each size to maintain proper stroke weights across the experience. Don’t scale an icon to different sizes. This creates an imbalance in stroke weight next to our other carefully drawn sizes. Do use icons that optically fit inside buttons. In general, use an icon that is half the size of a button (for example, place a 16px icon in a 32px button). Don’t use icons that appear too small or large for a button size. Do give enough space between icons and text. Don’t crowd icons and text too closely together. Subject matter Do use the icons to represent correct subject matter. Don’t use an icon for subject matter it doesn’t represent. Do use icons to guide users with purpose. We love iconography. Amount Do try to consolidate icons to ones that are truly necessary for navigation and actions. Don’t overuse icons that cause the hierarchy of the page or navigation and actions to become difficult to understand. When more than one action is needed, an overflow menu is a good option. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Previous Icon library Next Showcase Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/BEST-PRACTICES-ICONOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/CONFIRMATION-INDICATORS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Confirmation indicators Confirmation indicators express confirmation, verification, and fitment throughout eBay. Confirmation indicators On this page Anatomy Sizes Color Context Alignment Best practices Specs Resources Change log Anatomy A confirmation indicator is a lockup consisting of our green filled check mark icon combined with descriptive text. Icon Text Lockup Sizes Confirmation indicators come in both 16px and 24px icon lockups and use regular-weight text. Color Confirmation indicators use our green success color token. Learn more by visiting our Color tokens page. Context Fitment Confirmation indicators are used to confirm when an item fits a vehicle for parts and accessories. The filled confirmation check mark should only be paired with regular-weight text. Fitment can extend to a variety verticals. Success Confirmation indicators are used to show success. Examples include when an item is added to a cart, an item has been delivered, or when a response has been sent. Alignment Text wrapping When content is forced to wrap to 2 lines, the text is left aligned on the right side of the check mark. Text wrapping can occur during translation for other languages. Best practices Do use our success color token for the filled confirmation check mark. Don’t use other colors for the filled confirmation check mark. Don’t use an unfilled version of the confirmation check mark. Don’t use icons to replace the filled confirmation check mark. Don’t mix regular and bold text weights. Don’t create your own color combinations for confirmation indicators. Specs 24px lockup 16px lockup Resources To discuss icon needs, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Icon library View our suite of available icons. Type tokens View the tokens that we use to consistently apply these styles to any string in development. Color tokens Learn about our color tokens. OX Design System office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Design System team. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Added anatomy section Added specs section May, 2024 Add section for “Context” Oct, 2022 Page created for confirmation indicators Previous Program badges Next Icon library Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/CONFIRMATION-INDICATORS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/USING-ICONS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using icons Consistently using iconography and pairing with our other foundations like typography can greatly improve usability, recognition, and perception. These guidelines outline how we craft, interact with, and use iconography. Using icons On this page Overview Grid Icons and text Color Fills Alignment Best practices Resources Change log Overview Icons should be utilized to enhance user experience by providing intuitive visual cues, aiding in navigation, and improving usability, especially for commonly understood actions or concepts. They shouldn't be overused or substituted for clear text in scenarios where it might cause ambiguity or confusion. Icons should be avoided when they introduce unnecessary complexity or ambiguity, especially if they don't clearly represent associated actions or concepts, hinder accessibility for text-dependent users, or carry meanings that may vary across different cultural or demographic contexts, potentially leading to misunderstandings or user frustration. Grid Iconography should be used when it enhances the user experience by providing intuitive visual cues, aiding in navigation, and improving usability, especially for commonly understood actions or concepts. However, it shouldn't be used excessively or in place of clear text when it risks ambiguity or confusion, particularly for complex or less familiar functionalities where text labels may be more informative. Pixel grid Icons should be aligned to the pixel grid to avoid aliasing and maintain sharpness across screen sizes and densities. Lines that are not snapped to the pixel grid will be appear gray. A line that slightly enters a pixel will create a “fuzzy” appearance. This is especially noticeable on devices with lower pixel densities. When creating an icon, always check the grid and conduct a pixel preview to view how it would appear on low-density screens. Keylines Keylines are available as a starting point for designers contributing icons to the system. These keylines guide the placement of common shapes to maintain consistency between icons. Start by aligning to the keylines, then go outside of the keylines when necessary to make an icon clearer. Icons and text Size relationship For visual hierarchy, proper icon and text sizes should be maintained when placing these elements together on a single line. In most cases, a single line of text will be placed next to 16px and 24px icons as these icon sizes are most common within our badging system. Caption and body text may be used next to 16px icons, while subtitle 2 and subtitle 1 text may be used with 24px icons. Space between Icons and text should be aligned to the vertical centers for this treatment. Use 6px of spacing between 16px icons and text and 8px between 24px icons and text. Color Default Icons are monochromatic by default. The majority will use our primary foreground color token unless in a disabled state within a button. Paired with text If an icon is paired with a label or body of text, the icon will match the color of the text. Semantic Icons that convey semantic meaning, like attention, information, or confirmation, can use semantic colors over primary or secondary backgrounds. If the icon is over a background container using a semantic color, the icon will use an inverse color scheme instead. Fills Some icons have an outlined and a filled version. The filled versions are used to indicate a selected state or to increase their prominence within a hierarchy. Alignment Icons can be aligned center or top with a body of text. The alignment depends on the height and density of the paired content. Icons align center for text that spans 1-2 lines and align top for 3 or more lines. Best practices Culture and demographics Do use icons that are either universally understood across countries, or are specific to a country’s currency or culture. Don’t use icons that fail to align with cultural representation or norms. Be mindful that icons may portray different meanings across cultures. Scaling Do align icons to the pixel grid at their provided size and use them at 100%. Don’t scale icons to arbitrary sizes. This leads to aliasing and mismatched stroke widths. Contact the design system team if an icon needs a new size. Size in relationship to text Adhere to sizing and alignment rules for single-line lockups as used within the badging system. Don’t use icons that are visually too small or large for available text sizes, and don’t align icons to only the cap height of text. Alignment Do align icons to the top of the text box if paired with 3 or more lines of text. Don’t center icons when paired with 3 or more lines of text. Resources To discuss icon needs, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Icon library View our suite of available icons. Color tokens Learn about our color tokens. OX Design System office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Design System team. Program badges Learn how to use color with program badges. Type tokens View the tokens that we use to consistently apply these styles to any string in development. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Feb, 2023 Updated icons and buttons on page Aug, 2022 Added section for “Icon buttons” Previous Our icons Next Program badges Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/USING-ICONS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY/SHOWCASE-PHOTOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Showcase Get inspired by this collection of work that shows our photography at its best. Showcase On this page Photography in on-platform ads Photography in off-platform ads Photography in social Photography in emails Change log Photography in on-platform ads Photography in off-platform ads Photography in social Photography in emails Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated all examples Previous Best practices Next Iconography: Our icons Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY/SHOWCASE-PHOTOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY/IMAGE-TYPES #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Image types When shooting photography, we express our brand's stories through three primary types of photos: lifestyle, context, and studio. Image types On this page Types Lifestyle Context Studio Listing imagery Resources Change log Types Our three image types vary in focus, ranging from a primary focus on the subject to incorporating broader contextual elements around them. These levels allow us to maximize storytelling and craft narratives around people, passions, and products. Lifestyle Zoom out to show subjects in a wider setting. Context Focus on the subject within real-life placement and use. Studio Remove context to focus entirely on the subject. Lifestyle Lifestyle photos show our customers and products in real environments. This creates full immersion into the world around products—with its people, culture, and spaces. Narrative-grounded Products and settings create stories. Convey authentic and intentional storytelling by capturing genuine moments, expressions, and imperfections. Aspirational and real Showcase sets within authentic environments that extend the story and reflect real-life scenarios in a relatable yet aspirational way. Dynamic scenes Capture dynamic scenes that offers a glimpse into the lives of individuals in their element, using our products, deeply immersed in their passions, being real, not taking oneself too seriously and living and sharing your story. Context Context zooms in on a product within its environment to show real-world placement and use. Staging Always show details of the product that are unique and desirable. Opt to show products within real environments that resonate and speak to passion of our community. Product placement Ensure there is a clear focal point on the product in each frame, and intentionality in the use of negative space. Products should not be overshadowed by other elements, ensuring adequate brand visibility at all times. Simplified composition Streamline set styling, elements, and overall composition and simplify to only what is necessary to tell the product story. Studio Studio removes all distractions and focuses completely on a product or person. It’s clean and minimal, allowing the subject to shine. Narrative-driven sets Narrative brings forth the humanity behind the product, telling stories through creative styling, set design, and art direction that evoke real-life scenarios in an aspirational yet real way. Color and texture We naturally incorporate eBay's brand colors into our backgrounds, outfits, and styling. We harmonize the products, outfits, and props with the backgrounds to create contrast or tone-on-tone effects and show our brand presence naturally and organically. Set props Styling props humanize products, giving them personality and elegance without overshadowing them. The way products are styled speaks as much as the products themselves. They should be real, relatable items that naturally complement the product's story. Listing imagery Apart from photos shot in-house, it's also possible to use photos that sellers upload to their product listings on eBay, known as listing images. These pictures are essential for presenting the product and influencing prospective buyers' decisions to buy. Only use images from a listing on eBay, provided by a partnering brand, from approved stock image sites, or from an eBay photoshoot. Learn how to use these types of assets in Listing imagery . High-fidelity Product images should convey the item's quality and details accurately, depicting its true condition and colors. Product angles Opt for orthographic product angles for their adaptability and scalability across various designs. Use dynamic angles when showcasing the product as the focal point. Continuous lighting Choose well-illuminated listing images captured with soft, diffused lighting, ensuring that all product features are clearly depicted in true-to-life colors. Resources eBay photo library Download and browse our diverse photo library. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated examples and guidance across types Added section for listing imagery Previous Visual tone Next Listing imagery Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY/IMAGE-TYPES #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=PHOTOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography eBay photo library Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size eBay photo library (opens in new tab) 10.08.24 -- Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=PHOTOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=TYPOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography Market Sans font Type tester Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size Market Sans font (opens in new tab) -- 2.4mb (OTF, TTF, WOFF, EOT) Type tester -- -- Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=TYPOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=MOTION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography Brand motion toolkit Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size Brand motion toolkit (opens in new tab) -- -- Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=MOTION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=LOGO #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography Logo package eBay motors logo package eBay advertising logo package Favicon 2.0 Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size Logo package (opens in new tab) -- -- eBay motors logo package (opens in new tab) 11.15.24 -- eBay advertising logo package (opens in new tab) 11.15.24 -- Favicon 2.0 (opens in new tab) 05.02.24 10.42KB (SVG, PNG) Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=LOGO #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=ILLUSTRATION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography Illustration components Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size Illustration components (opens in new tab) -- -- Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=ILLUSTRATION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=ICONOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography Icon library Global icon repo (svg) Global icon repo (png) Favicon 2.0 Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size Icon library -- -- Global icon repo (svg) (opens in new tab) -- -- Global icon repo (png) (opens in new tab) -- -- Favicon 2.0 (opens in new tab) 05.02.24 10.42KB (SVG, PNG) Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=ICONOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=FIGMA #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography Design preflight checklist widget Allingo plugin Data populate plugin Include plugin (internal only) Include plugin Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size Design preflight checklist widget (opens in new tab) -- -- Allingo plugin (opens in new tab) -- -- Data populate plugin (opens in new tab) -- -- Include plugin (internal only) (opens in new tab) -- -- Include plugin (opens in new tab) -- -- Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=FIGMA #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=CONTENT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography eBay Style Guide Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size eBay Style Guide (opens in new tab) -- -- Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=CONTENT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=COLOR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography Color pairing tool Product color palette Core marketing color palette Expanded marketing color palette Full illustration color palette ASE color palette library Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size Color pairing tool -- -- Product color palette -- -- Core marketing color palette -- -- Expanded marketing color palette -- -- Full illustration color palette -- -- ASE color palette library (opens in new tab) 06.14.24 --

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=COLOR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY/LISTING-IMAGERY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Listing imagery In addition to eBay-produced imagery, another available resource is the photos uploaded by sellers within their product listings on eBay, also known as listing images. Listing imagery is eBay photography at its most functional form, it can flex from functional to expressive moments with a focus in product-centric narratives. Additional listing imagery includes images sourced by the business unit, approved stock image sites, or eBay photo shoots.   Recognizing that we can't control listing imagery, this guidance outlines how to optimize—from curation to execution—the best aspects of listing images within our brand language. Listing imagery On this page Angles Lighting Shadow Creating contact shadows Working with shadow in composition Resources Change log Angles Straight on When curating images, prioritize images using orthographic angles because they're high-fidelity, versatile for creating successful designs, and add a premium touch. Straight on angle examples Dynamic angle If available, choose dynamic angles when featuring the product as a hero item or to emphasize product storytelling. Dynamic angle examples Lighting Continuous lighting Choose well-illuminated listing images captured with soft, diffused lighting, avoiding high-contrast shadows or dim lighting that may obscure product details, unless professionally executed. Optimal lighting ensures that all product features are clearly depicted in true-to-life colors. Continuous lighting examples Best practices Opt for soft, diffused lighting to highlight all details and enhance the product's appeal. Avoid high-contrast, over-stylized lighting and heavy shadows that could misrepresent product proportions or emphasize less desirable attributes. Shadow Our current brand language employs three types of shadows when displaying studio products: shadowless products, products with natural shadows and products with contact shadow. Products with any of these shadow types can be featured both inside and outside cards within a layout. Choosing which shadow best suits your goals depends largely on your initial listing image, ensure all products in your composition follow the same shadow treatment and always prioritize an output that feels most authentic and real, given circumstances and final composition. Natural shadow When available, always prioritize listing photos featuring the product's natural shadows captured in camera, without artificial shadows or manipulation, for a more authentic and elevated look. Shadowless When your goal is to maximize focus on the product's key features use shadowless images. This also will also ensure optimal contrast against colored, textured or photo backgrounds. Contact shadow To indicate proximity between multiple items and enhance the composition with depth and dimensionality, apply a contact shadow by creating artificial shadows between products. Natural shadow Often times listing images feature natural shadows, referring to the physical shadow a product casts in its natural environment when exposed to light in a real studio setting. It does not mean artificially created natural-looking shadows.  If your initial listing image includes its own natural shadow, aim to utilize them as they provide the most realistic and authentic appearance for compositions. Shadowless The most versatile and scalable approach to displaying listing images is to present them without shadows. Opt for shadowless when natural shadows are unavailable or if you’re featuring products in complex compositions. Shadowless products can also work for multiple-product compositions. This maximizes focus on the products' key features and ensures optimal contrast against colored, textured, or photo backgrounds. Contact shadow Contact shadow is the only artificially created shadow we utilize. When showcasing multiple products, you can present products inside cards with contact shadows between cards or group them outside of cards and add artificial shadows between the products. Opt for the latter when you want to convey a shared story through the group of products. It captures relatedness and adds depth and dimensionality to the composition. Cards In our brand language, cards arranged in a shuffle layout feature contact shadows for better card differentiation and to create a greater sense of depth. To ensure consistency, products featured outside of cards and juxtaposed should also follow the same logic and incorporate contact shadows between products. Products Choose to showcase grouped products outside of cards when aiming to collectively convey a shared story or message through the group of products. Creating contact shadows If featuring multiple products outside of cards, you have the option to feature them without shadows or with contact shadows. Contact shadows are meant to be subtle and better incorporate products together without diverting attention from the products themselves. Always aim to achieve a natural-looking output to the best of your ability, considering product dimensions, lighting, and positioning. For the best results, please follow the step-by-step instructions provided below. 01: Create a shape The first step is to create a vector shape of the product you want to generate a contact shadow for. Shadows should only be created for products that are on top of other products. 02: Gradient The next step is to fill the shape you've created with a gradient—either radial or linear—with a blur effect, using the darkest color of the background product onto which the shadow will be cast. Adjust the intensity and opacity of the shadow as necessary. Generally, aim for the shadow to darken the product behind by approximately 40-50% compared to its lightest area, creating a realistic shadow effect. 03: Mask The third step involves using the background product as a masking shape to mask the shadow you've just created. This ensures that the shadow is cast only on the background product and not onto the background itself. Then, position the masked shadow behind the original foreground product, slightly offset to make it visible. Working with shadow in composition To select the perfect shadow style for you composition, capitalize on the product's inherent characteristics first. So, if your listing image features the product's natural shadow, capitalize on it by using it in our various layout options. If no natural shadow is available, consider applying the shadow that best complements your content. For best results, please follow our guidance to select the most appropriate shadow for your content, especially when opting to display products outside of cards. For more instructions on card usage, please visit the Layout Page. Single products Natural shadow If the listing photo features a good natural shadow, prioritize showcasing the product with it included to accentuate its inherent qualities and achieve an elevated look. Shadowless If the product lacks a suitable natural shadow, or if you intend to present it against colored, textured, or photographic backgrounds, choose to display the product without any shadow. Product cards If you wish to more closely mirror our product shopping experience or want a more branded look-and-feel, consider featuring your product inside a card with either natural shadow or without shadow. When a good natural shadow is available, prioritize it over shadowless. Multiple products Dynamic For a dynamic composition, consider presenting items in a suspended state with artificially-made contact shadows between them. Separate Items can be showcased separately without shadows, arranged in an organized way in compositions for a more cohesive look, to add sense of progression, guided storytelling and enhancing overall readability. Product cards Items can be showcased within product cards with natural shadow or without shadows. Resources eBay photo library Download and browse our diverse photo library. Banners Learn how to use on-site banners. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Image types Next Curation in layout Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY/LISTING-IMAGERY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY/VISUAL-TONE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Visual tone eBay’s photographic tone illustrates our customers’ authentic experiences around their products, passions, and communities. Visual tone On this page Art direction Contextual staging Inclusive casting Natural lighting Resources Change log Art direction Sketch a scene Your scene's narrative directs all stylistic decisions in photography, ensuring authentic representation. Opting to show spaces within real environments helps ground the settings in the real world and better connect our customers to the lifestyles and products we promote. Keep it real Images should project a sense of approachability, realness, and humanity. They’re relatable, embracing imperfections and real-life moments. People’s expressions and behaviors are real and true to themselves. The image reflects real life, not a lofty, idealistic interpretation. Elevate the styling Keep in mind that the presentation of products also communicates their value. Elevate products by thoughtfully selecting high-quality props, outfits, sets with character, and overall styling that elevate the narrative. Contextual staging Images show angles and details of the product that are unique and desirable. Opt to show real environments that complement the story of the product and its audiences in an authentic, inspiring way. Inclusive casting Our casting represents our diverse and global customer base and marketplace. We want to show customers varying in age, ethnicity, body type, and culture in genuine and authentic ways. Natural lighting Lighting is realistic and vibrant, but always within a natural tonal range. Always use or emulate light that feels natural to the narrative of the photo. Nighttime In a nighttime scene, natural lighting may involve using high-flash, employing a variety of shutter speeds, or incorporating bright continuous light close to the subject to create contrast and shadows in the frame. Golden hour Another form of natural lighting is the golden hour, occurring shortly after sunrise or before sunset when the sun is low, casting warm, directional light with soft, long shadows. It can be recreated naturally or artificially in a studio. Daylight Our go-to standard light in lifestyle, natural bright light adds warmth and a subtle storytelling element to the product, while maintaining true-to-life colors and overall appearance. This can vary from soft, diffused lighting to a high-contrast style while still maintaining a realistic appearance. Resources eBay photo library Download and browse our diverse photo library. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Consolidated examples into their own groups consisting of art direction, contextual staging, inclusive casting, and natural lighting Previous Our photos Next Image types Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY/VISUAL-TONE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/SHOWCASE-TYPOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Showcase Get inspired by this collection of work that shows our typography at its best. Showcase On this page Type in product Type in social Type in email Type in print Change log Type in product Type in social Type in email Type in print Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated visuals to align to current marketing guidelines Previous Best practices Next Photography: Our photos Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/SHOWCASE-TYPOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/BEST-PRACTICES-TYPOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Best practices What—and what not—to do when using typography. Best practices On this page Color Creating emphasis Photography Formatting Legal Casing Change log Color Do use our pre-defined color pairings found in the Color pairing tool . Don’t use colors or color pairings that are not explicitly shown in the Color pairing tool . Do use solid colors for type. Don’t use gradients for type. Do use the letter spacing defined for each type style in the type ramp. Don’t increase letter spacing beyond what’s in the type ramp. Creating emphasis Do create emphasis through shifts in type weight, size, placement, and spacing. Don’t create visual hierarchy by incorporating fonts other than Market Sans. Do create emphasis through shifts in type weight, size, placement, and spacing. Don’t create visual hierarchy with type styles that are too similar. Do create emphasis through shifts in type weight, size, placement, and spacing. Don’t mix too many type styles (such as font, weight, and size) to create emphasis. Photography Do use solid white type placed over areas of photography that are not too visually busy. Don't place type over busy photographic backgrounds. Do use a drop shadow and linear gradient behind type to ensure contrast ratios are met for legibility. Don't use drop shadows alone to create separation between type and backgrounds. Do only use white type over photography. Don’t use colored type over photography. Formatting Do use text in its natural, default width and height. Don’t manually stretch or alter the width or height of text. Do chunk relevant information together. Don’t hard return after each sentence to create emphasis. Do single space after sentences. Don’t double space after sentences. Do format text so the right side of the text block looks fairly smooth. Don’t create jagged right rags or orphans by leaving a single word on the last line at the end of a paragraph. Do left align all text to optimize legibility. Don’t justify text to fill margins. Legal Do keep legal content visually simple. Don’t draw too much attention to legal content by placing it in unnecessary holding shapes. This can interfere with other hierarchy on the page. Do use bold text weight for content mentioned in the call to action. Links should remain the same color as the rest of the legal content. Don’t use quotation marks for content mentioned in the call to action. Don’t change link colors to blue. Casing Do use sentence case for titles. Don’t use title case for titles. Do use eBay programs as they would appear in UI elements. Don’t use eBay program names as titles. Do keep the official spelling and casing for campaign names. Don’t change the official casing of campaign names or add any punctuation. Change log Date Notes Aug, 2024 Added “Legal” section Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated visuals to align to current marketing guidelines Previous Using type in print Next Showcase Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/BEST-PRACTICES-TYPOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/USING-TYPE-IN-PRINT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using type in print We define our type sizes, styles, hierarchy, and layouts differently in print applications than we do in digital applications. Print applications include posters, billboards, packaging, merchandise, and booth design. In print applications, we generally use larger type, smaller letter spacing, and smaller line height, and calculate the sizes based on the size of the logo. Using type in print On this page Type hierarchy Type styles Examples Resources Change log Type hierarchy Both the size and weight of our typography contribute to creating clear hierarchy. The type sizes we use in print are calculated based on the logo size as well as the size of the print material. For guidance on how to approach layout for print, see Layout in marketing . Display Subtitle Type styles Titles We scale our titles using the x-height of the logo as a baseline. To help with typographic consistency, we provide three designated type sizes as a guide for layouts: 50% of the logo, 75% of the logo, and 100% of the logo. Video description: An animation showing the precise relationship between the height of the ebay logo and various headline heights defined in the playbook. Subtitles Subtitles are 30% of the title size. Body If subtitles are included in the layout, body copy should be 20% of the title size. If subtitles are not present, the body copy can be adjusted to either 30% or 50% of the title size. Examples Resources Download Market Sans Available in OTF, TTF, WOFF, and EOT (2.4mb) Type tokens View the tokens that we use to consistently apply these styles to any string in development. Color pairing tool Learn how to use approved foreground and background colors. Composition Learn how to build layouts across product and marketing applications. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Using type in digital Next Best practices Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/USING-TYPE-IN-PRINT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/USING-TYPE-IN-DIGITAL #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using type in digital We use pre-defined type styles in our type ramp for all typography used in product, landing pages, digital ads, and emails. Using type in digital On this page Our type ramp Type hierarchy Type styles Decoration styles Scaling Examples Resources Change log Our type ramp Our type ramp is made up of 14 named styles. Each style is a combination of pre-defined size, weight, line height, and letter spacing values. Name Size Line height Letter spacing Letter space Display+ Size 46+ Line height 100% Letter space -4% Display 1 Size 46 Line height 52 Letter space -2% Display 2 Size 36 Line height 44 Letter space -2% Display 3 Size 30 Line height 36 Letter space -2% Title 1 Size 24 Line height 32 Letter space 0% Title 2 Size 20 Line height 28 Letter space 0% Title 3 Size 16 Line height 24 Letter space 0% Subtitle 1 Size 20 Line height 28 Letter space 0% Subtitle 2 Size 16 Line height 24 Letter space 0% Body bold Size 14 Line height 20 Letter space 0% Body Size 14 Line height 20 Letter space 0% Caption bold Size 12 Line height 16 Letter space 0% Caption Size 12 Line height 16 Letter space 0% Signal 1 Size 14 Line height 20 Letter space 5% Signal 2 Size 10 Line height 12 Letter space 5% Type hierarchy Both the size and weight of our typography contribute to creating clear hierarchy. The type sizes we use in UI and digital marketing are pre-defined in our type ramp. They’re used for disclaimers, body copy, links, and headlines. See Using type in print for guidance on how to calculate type sizes for print material. Display Title Subtitle Button Caption Signal Type styles Display Display styles are 30px and larger and utilize tighter letter spacing. They are the largest and most expressive styles used in digital. Title Title styles are 16, 20, or 24px and are used as short headlines in ads, section titles, and notices. Subtitle Subtitles are 16 or 20px in regular weight. They're generally used for supporting larger title copy in ads, banners, and section titles. Body Body copy can be regular or bold and is always 14px. It’s used for descriptive text in short strings and paragraphs. Caption Captions are always 12px and used for disclaimers, legal copy, and terms & conditions. View more examples for styling legal content in Legal best practices . Signal Signals are in all caps with 5% letter spacing in either 10 or 14px. They’re used for short status tags in banners and signal components. Decoration styles Link Links are always underlined to show that they’re actionable. Links are used in body copy, subtitles, and captions to give users more info or take them to a new page. Strikethrough Strikethrough copy is used in prices to show a discount. They're always regular weight and sit next to the price. Scaling This section shows how each type style scales from small to large screens. Dynamic sizing ensures that each page and component retains hierarchy and visual harmony at all screen sizes. Type styles 14px and smaller always stay the same size across screen sizes. Type styles 16px and larger generally stay the same on large and medium screens, and scale down one style on small screens. Scaling behavior is built into each component and some components scale type differently. See the Design System for specific scaling behavior of each component and/or pattern. Examples Small screen Medium screen Large screen Tall banner titles Display 3 ( 30px ) Display 2 ( 36px ) Display 1 ( 46px ) Short banner titles Display 3 ( 30px ) Display 3 ( 30px ) Display 2 ( 36px ) Page titles Title 1 ( 24px ) Display 3 ( 30px ) Display 3 ( 30px ) Section header titles Title 2 ( 20px ) Title 1 ( 24px ) Title 1 ( 24px ) Dialog titles Title 3 ( 16px ) Title 2 ( 20px ) Title 2 ( 20px ) Navigation bar titles Title 3 ( 16px ) Title 2 ( 20px ) Title 2 ( 20px ) Tall banner body Body ( 14px ) Subtitle 2 ( 16px ) Subtitle 1 ( 20px ) Section header subtitles Body ( 14px ) Subtitle 2 ( 16px ) Subtitle 2 ( 16px ) Item tile titles Body ( 14px ) Body ( 14px ) Body ( 14px ) Signals in banners Signal 1 ( 14px ) Signal 1 ( 14px ) Signal 1 ( 14px ) Disclaimers Caption ( 12px ) Caption ( 12px ) Caption ( 12px ) Signal components Signal 2 ( 10px ) Signal 2 ( 10px ) Signal 2 ( 10px ) Examples Resources Download Market Sans Available in OTF, TTF, WOFF, and EOT (2.4mb) Type tokens View the tokens that we use to consistently apply these styles to any string in development. Color pairing tool Learn how to use approved foreground and background colors. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Added “Display+” to show anything larger than 46px Updated “Giant 3” to “Display 1” and decreased letter spacing from 0% to -2% Updated “Giant 2” to “Display 2”, decreased letter spacing from 0% to -2%, and updated line height from 46px to 44px Updated “Giant 1” to “Display 3”, decreased letter spacing from 0% to -2%, and updated line height from 40px to 36px Updated “Large 2” to “Title 1” Updated “Large 1 bold” to “Title 2” Updated “Large 1 regular” to “Subtitle 1” Updated “Medium bold” to “Title 3” Updated “Medium regular” to “Subtitle 2” Updated “Body regular” to “Body” Updated “Small bold” to “Caption bold” Updated “Small regular” to “Caption” Updated “Overline large” to “Signal 1” Updated “Signal smallest” to “Signal 2” Previous Using type Next Using type in print Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/USING-TYPE-IN-DIGITAL #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/USING-TYPE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using type How we size, format, and color our typography can greatly impact how it’s read and perceived. These guidelines outline how we use typography in our brand overall, in digital applications, and in print. Using type On this page Hierarchy Line height Letter spacing Line lengths Type on color Type on photography Alternate fonts Resources Change log Hierarchy Balanced shifts in type size and weight allow us to convey a logical order and flow to blocks of text. A clear hierarchy ensures we are communicating a level of importance and highlighting the most critical information first. Weights We always use Market Sans bold for Titles and Regular for Subtitles, Body, and Captions. Make sure there is adequate contrast between these four types of content to create clear hierarchy. Refer to Using type in digital for type styles used in product, digital ads, and emails. Sizes All the type sizes we use in product and digital marketing are pre-defined in our type ramp. To maintain legibility, make sure body copy is no smaller than 6pt in print media and 10px in digital media. Refer to Using type in digital to see our type ramp. Refer to Using type in print for how to calculate type sizes for print material. Line height Line height is the vertical space between lines of text, measured from baseline to baseline. Line height is pre-defined and built into each style. Video description: A 4-second animation shows the text "Line Height" in the Market Sans typeface, as the vertical space between words is adjusted. Letter spacing Letter spacing is the horizontal adjustment to the space between letters in a block of text and is pre-defined for each type style. In general, we use wider letter spacing at smaller sizes and tighter letter spacing for larger type used in more expressive layouts. Video description: A 5-second animation shows the word "Thin" in the Market Sans typeface as the spacing between letters is uniformly adjusted. Line lengths The number of characters on a line of text influences a paragraph’s readability. Keeping your line length between 40–75 characters (counting both letters and spaces) ensures important information isn’t lost and the reader remains engaged (source: Baymard Institute ). And always make sure line breaks snap to the grid. Line breaks Large indentations in paragraph text and leaving a word or two hanging at the end of a paragraph or page can create distracting white space. Format text to avoid poor rags, widows, and hyphenation. Do format your text so that the right side of the text block looks fairly smooth. Don’t create jagged right rags or orphans by leaving a single word on the last line at the end of a paragraph. Alignment Proper text alignment helps create visual balance and connection between related elements. Left alignment offers an invisible edge for readers to easily scan text. Avoid mixing alignment between text blocks to maintain simplicity and clear structure. Do left align all type in both headlines and body copy to optimize legibility. Don’t justify text to fill margins. Type on color When type is placed on top of color backgrounds, it's critical to provide a high level of contrast to ensure legibility. To avoid adding visual clutter and to maintain high contrast, always apply color carefully and choose from our pre-defined color pairings. For guidance on choosing and applying accessible color combinations in our color palette, see Using Color . Video description: A 8-second animation shows a series of two-tone type and colored backgrounds. Green has “Motors”. Pink has “Create the future NOW”. Teal has “Since 1995”. Red has “2024 - (GBP) Global Brand Platform eBay Design Trademark. Type on photography Layering text onto a photographic background adds depth and vitality to our messaging. It’s important to create clear contrast, balance, and harmony between foreground and background elements to avoid a poor or confusing reading experience. For more guidance on working with photos, take a look at our Photography section. Making it legible In order to ensure legibility of any text that is layered over photography, we always apply our standard black scrim in #000000 at 5% opacity over the entire photo plus an additional radial or linear gradient behind text. This helps text stand out without putting a shape behind it. For more details on how to make typography legible over photos, visit the Photography section. Do apply a 5% black scrim over the entire image, a radial or linear gradient behind the text, and a drop shadow on the text to ensure it is legible. Don’t place text over busy or extremely light/dark images without a scrim, gradient, or drop shadow on the text. It must pass contrast ratios of 4.5:1 for text. Alternate fonts Poppins and Arial For internal documents, Powerpoint and Google Doc presentation templates, or emails where Market Sans isn’t available, use Poppins. Only use the alternate fallback font, Arial when Poppins is unavailable. Resources Download Market Sans Available in OTF, TTF, WOFF, and EOT (2.4mb) Type tokens View the tokens that we use to consistently apply these styles to any string in development. Color pairing tool Learn how to use approved foreground and background colors. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Consolidated “Making it legible” and “Color & backgrounds” to a single page called “Using type” Added videos to illustrate letter spacing, line height, and type on color Previous Our typeface Next Using type in digital Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY/USING-TYPE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/SHOWCASE-COLOR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Showcase Get inspired by this collection of work that shows our color at its best. Showcase On this page Color in product Color in social Color in marketing Color in illustration Change log Color in product Color in social Color in marketing Color in illustration Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated examples to use new photography and Evo marketing brand guidelines Mar, 2024 Updated all colors to new color palette Aug, 2022 Added section headers to describe each type of example more clearly Previous Best practices Next Typography: Our typeface Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/SHOWCASE-COLOR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/BEST-PRACTICES-COLOR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Best practices What—and what not—to do when using color. Best practices On this page Color with typography Color backgrounds Color with photography Color with illustration Color in product Color in marketing Color in emails Change log Color with typography Do use color tones from the same color family. Don’t combine different color families. Do use solid colors on typography. Don’t use gradients on typography. Color backgrounds Do use solid colored backgrounds. Don’t use gradient backgrounds. Do use color levels 400, 500, and 700 for background colors. Don’t use color levels 100, 200, 300, 600, or 800 as background colors. Do make backgrounds a single, solid color. Don’t use color blocks. Do use levels 400, 500, and 700 for background colors. Don’t use black backgrounds outside of campaigns or video end cards. Color with photography Do use background colors that are complementary to photography color schemes. Don’t use background colors that clash with photography and/or aren’t complementary or analogous. Do use background colors that are analogous to photography color schemes. Don’t use background colors that clash with photography and/or aren’t complementary or analogous. Color with illustration Do use the color background that is predefined for each illustration. You can also always use a neutral background. Don’t apply your own color background colors to illustrations. Do use the original coloring of each illustration. Don’t change the colors in illustrations as there are legal implications of certain objects in certain colors. Do always use white backgrounds for empty states. Don’t use colored backgrounds in empty states. Do use roughly the same shade for all background colors when multiple illustrations are paired together in a list or carousel. Don’t mix extremely dark or light background colors when multiple illustrations are paired in a single view. Do keep colored illustration backgrounds separate from text-heavy areas. Don’t layer text on top of colored backgrounds in small, text-heavy areas. Color in product Do use the colors provided in the components to ensure the semantic meaning holds true. Don’t use colors that are not included in semantic components like alert notices. It reduces their meaning. Do use the color themes defined for each graph type and the ordering defined based on number of data sets. Don’t use colors for chart types they are not meant for (i.e. line graph colors in an area chart) and don’t create new color themes for graphs that are not in the system. Do use colors for signals that are built into the component. Don’t use bespoke colors for signals. Color in marketing Do use the 4-color logo on a white background for out of home and offsite marketing ads. Don’t use any of the extended marketing palette colors for out of home and offsite marketing ads. Do use the extended marketing palette for more expressive messages on ebay channels like social. Don’t  use colors or color combinations outside of the extended marketing palette in social. Color in emails Do use level 200 colors as backgrounds in emails so they maintain adequate contrast ratios when translated in dark mode. Don’t use colors outside of the Email marketing palette as they may be translated in unexpected ways and lose necessary contrast ratios. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Added sections for illustration, product, and marketing best practices Mar, 2024 Updated all colors to new color palette Previous Using color in illustration Next Showcase Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/BEST-PRACTICES-COLOR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/USING-COLOR-IN-ILLUSTRATION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using color in illustration Our illustrations use our full color palette to evoke depth and reality. The broad range of colors and shades more accurately represents the people and objects in our storytelling. This is where we have the most fun with color. Using color in illustration On this page Full illustration palette Color in illustration Color strategy Background colors Dark mode Color customization Resources Change log Full illustration palette Our full color palette has 17 color families with 8 shades in each family—that equals 136 total colors. We use these colors to capture detail and mimic the reality of each illustration's subject matter. Select a color to view the hex, Pantone, and CMYK values. Pink P100 P200 P300 P400 P500 P600 P700 P800 Red R100 R200 R300 R400 R500 R600 R700 R800 Coral C100 C200 C300 C400 C500 C600 C700 C800 Orange O100 O200 O300 O400 O500 O600 O700 O800 Marigold M100 M200 M300 M400 M500 M600 M700 M800 Yellow Y100 Y200 Y300 Y400 Y500 Y600 Y700 Y800 Dijon D100 D200 D300 D400 D500 D600 D700 D800 Avocado A100 A200 A300 A400 A500 A600 A700 A800 Green G100 G200 G300 G400 G500 G600 G700 G800 Kiwi K100 K200 K300 K400 K500 K600 K700 K800 Jade J100 J200 J300 J400 J500 J600 J700 J800 Teal T100 T200 T300 T400 T500 T600 T700 T800 Indigo I100 I200 I300 I400 I500 I600 I700 I800 Blue B100 B200 B300 B400 B500 B600 B700 B800 Violet V100 V200 V300 V400 V500 V600 V700 V800 Lilac L100 L200 L300 L400 L500 L600 L700 L800 Neutral N100 N200 N300 N400 N500 N600 N700 N800 N900 Color in illustration All the main colors in our illustrations are from our full palette. They've been strategically chosen to both set a mood and ensure enough contrast to be legible on various background colors. Skin tones are the only colors we use in illustrations that are not in our  palette. Color strategy Every illustration has a primary color and 2 secondary colors associated with it. Generally, one secondary color complements the illustration's primary color and the other is a neutral. This strategy ensures that each illustration has a focus color that stands out on the background color. It's important for each illustration to have visual variety and not blend in too much with the background color. Background colors Each illustration has 6 different pre-determined background colors that ensure good visual contrast. Use the background colors provided for each illustration. If you need customized colors for an illustration, please reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Video description: A 10-second video with a large illustration of a smiling man sitting with an open ebay box in front of him on the right of the screen. There is a record and a few covers on the ground all on a yellow background. On the left there is a 2x3 grid of the same illustration but with different background colors. From left to right the background colors are light pink, neon yellow, green, lavender, orange and light blue. When the cursor selects an illustration on the left side it changes the background color of the main illustration. The image is outlined in black while active. The cursor selects the neon yellow, green, light pink, light blue, lavender, and orange. Dark mode In most instances, our illustrations do not change between light and dark mode. But in a few rare cases where the background changes in dark mode, some illustrations do as well. Illustrations with colored backgrounds Illustrations that use a background color (in things like banners, education cards, and modals) do not change color in dark mode. If there’s text above or below the illustration in a separate container, those colors will invert. The illustration itself is treated like an image and keeps its original background color. Illustrations without backgrounds When illustrations without a background color are used on plain white backgrounds (like in empty states), all elements on the page will invert. Most illustrations work on both light and dark backgrounds, but some need adjustments to ensure legibility against black. Color customization If you want a new color scheme for a specific illustration, do not re-color anything on your own. To discuss custom coloring, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Resources Illustration components See each supported background color in our illustration components. OX Design System office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Design System team. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Using color in marketing Next Best practices Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/USING-COLOR-IN-ILLUSTRATION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/USING-COLOR-IN-MARKETING #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using color in marketing When our brand's visual prominence needs to fluctuate based on audience and context, our color system flexes to accommodate these different scenarios. For example, when we’re competing for attention with other brands, we rely on our core logo colors to establish brand recognition. In instances where our brand is already prominent, we can be more flexible in our brand expression and use a broader range of color. Using color in marketing On this page Core marketing palette Expanded marketing palette Email marketing palette Dark mode Resources Change log Core marketing palette Our core marketing palette consists of our core 4 logo colors and 3 neutrals. We use this palette to establish recognition when we’re competing with other brands for visual attention and brand attribution. These situations include off-platform and out-of-home marketing. In these instances, we use our 4-color logo on a white background, supplemented by black and light gray. G500 B500 R500 Y400 N100 N200 N800 Off-platform marketing Off-platform marketing includes out-of-product banner ads, social media promotions, and placements that compete for attention in busy environments. These examples use the core marketing palette—generally on white backgrounds and always with the 4-color logo. We use black backgrounds in some cases, like Black Friday ads or video end cards. For more guidance and examples for specific campaigns, see Expressions . Out-of-home marketing Out-of-home marketing that uses the core marketing palette includes pop-up stores, billboards, and other street-level placements. Expanded marketing palette When our brand is already prominent and our customers are in the context of eBay, like on our website or social media channels, we can be more flexible in our brand expression and use a broader range of color with our expanded marketing palette. This includes levels 400, 500, and 700 from our full color palette, which we use mainly as background colors. To find the matching foreground colors for each background color, use the Color pairing tool . Pink P400 P500 P700 Red R400 R500 R700 Coral C400 C500 C700 Orange O400 O500 O700 Marigold M400 M500 M700 Yellow Y400 Y500 Y700 Dijon D400 D500 D700 Avocado A400 A500 A700 Green G400 G500 G700 Kiwi K400 K500 K700 Jade J400 J500 J700 Teal T400 T500 T700 Indigo I400 I500 I700 Blue B400 B500 B700 Violet V400 V500 V700 Lilac L400 L500 L700 Neutral N100 N200 N800 On-platform marketing On-platform marketing that uses the expanded marketing palette includes banners, events modules, and ads on eBay's homepage, landing pages, and support pages. Marketing on other eBay channels Off-platform marketing that uses the expanded marketing palette includes emails, social media posts, and stories. Internal marketing The expanded marketing palette can also be used for internal communications like decks, reports, and articles on the eBay Hub. Email marketing palette Below is the subset of our marketing color combinations that meet accessibility standards in all clients and should be used for any secondary modules where colored text is layered on a colored background. Use the Expanded marketing palette for background colors in hero images. Pink P200 Red R200 Coral C200 Orange O200 Marigold M200 Yellow Y200 Dijon D200 Avocado A200 Green G200 Kiwi K200 Jade J200 Teal T200 Indigo I200 Blue B200 Violet V200 Lilac L200 Neutral N200 Dark mode Whether our marketing colors change in dark mode or not depends on which marketing palette is being used, if it’s in product or email, and if it’s an image or not. Product marketing Marketing placements in the product do not change color in dark mode. We lock our marketing color themes so that they will look identical in both dark and light mode. This ensures that we retain adequate contrast with the photo and text on the background color they were designed for. Light mode Dark mode Email marketing In emails, images and icons will always stay as-is in both light and dark mode. However, the email background and text colors will invert in dark mode and any area where colored text is layered on a color background will also change. Because all email clients translate colored backgrounds and text differently in dark mode, we can’t always be sure exactly what color it will be translated to. We have performed extensive testing to ensure that all Email Marketing colors meet accessibility contrast requirements in all clients in dark mode. Here is an  example of how hero images and secondary modules get translated. Hero image in light mode Hero image in dark mode Secondary module in light mode Secondary module in dark mode Resources Email design system 2.0 Learn how to use the email design system. Banners Learn how to use on-site banners. Logo package Download our official logo asset pack. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Using color in product Next Using color in illustration Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/USING-COLOR-IN-MARKETING #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/USING-COLOR-IN-PRODUCT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using color in product For product UI like buttons, alert notices, signals, and error states, we use a subset of our full color palette. We mainly use shades of green, blue, red, and neutral to educate, guide, alert, and celebrate our users as they move through our product. Using color in product On this page Product palette Product color strategy Color tokens Modes Other color libraries Resources Change log Product palette Red R100 R200 R300 R400 R500 R600 R700 R800 Kiwi K100 K200 K300 K400 K500 K600 K700 K800 Blue B100 B200 B300 B400 B500 B600 B700 B800 Neutral N100 N200 N300 N400 N500 N600 N700 N800 N900 Product color strategy Red, blue, and green are used semantically to indicate the sentiments of urgency, trust, and success/recency. Neutral is used to display informational hierarchy and statefulness. Critical Critical colors indicate negative trends, destructive actions, time-sensitive content, and other important notifications that require urgent attention. These include error states, bulk delete buttons, and limited time left on items. Accent Our accent color uses our primary brand color to draw attention to important information or actions. Accent colors do not indicate a positive or negative sentiment—their purpose is to guide and educate our users in components like signals and primary action buttons. Success Success colors show recency, validation, and savings. They indicate a positive sentiment and are used for things like success messages, confirmation indicators, and positive trends. Neutral Neutral colors are used in varying shades for informational, selectable, or deactivated content. This includes text like item titles, informational alerts, radio buttons, and text links. Color tokens Color tokens represent repeated decisions about how color is displayed throughout our system and provide ways to apply them consistently. They replace raw values with meaningful labels that convey intention. This ensures that color is used appropriately and remains accessible in any given context. To learn more, see Color tokens . Modes If we consistently use color tokens, changing from light to dark mode is automatic. Each color or color combination has a dark-mode equivalent. Simply change modes to see light- vs. dark-mode colors. Light Dark Mode tokens A single token can point to different values depending on the context. The context can be a change in device theme, form factor, or accessibility settings. When context changes, the reference values are updated automatically and the changes cascade throughout the system. Changing modes To change the mode of any component and see what the dark-mode-equivalent colors are, just select the frame you want to change to dark mode and click the “change variable mode” icon in the Layer section of the Figma design panel. Other color libraries We use a few additional color palettes in our product for things like data visualization and in-product marketing. Data visualization Data visualization components use their own set of colors to maintain accessibility. To view these colors and see how to use them, visit Data visualization . In-product marketing In-product marketing uses an expanded color palette with more color families. This palette highlights inventory, tells stories, communicates emotions, and explains programs and ideas. To view these colors and learn how to use them, see Using color in marketing . Resources Data visualization Learn how to use color in graphs, charts and trend metrics. Alert notice Learn how to use color for information, confirmation, and attention notices. Signal Learn how to use color for urgent, recent, and guidance signals. Education notice Learn how to use color in education notices. Program badges Learn how to use color with program badges. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Using color Next Using color in marketing Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/USING-COLOR-IN-PRODUCT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/USING-COLOR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using color Consistently pairing color with typography, iconography, photography, and illustration can greatly improve brand recognition and perception. These guidelines outline how we use color across all touchpoints. Using color On this page Our color palettes Color pairing tool Our color strategy Color with images Color with program badges Color with our logo Color with typography Color with illustration Neutral backgrounds Resources Change log Our color palettes We use a few subsets of our full color palette depending on the audience and platform. When the audience is off platform or further from the product, we use a more limited palette to establish brand recognition. When customers are on platform or closer to the product, we use an extended palette to express more boldly. For example, we stick closely to our core colors in off-platform ads and use a more extended palette in social and on-platform marketing. Illustrations are the only application that use our full palette. Visit the tabs above to see guidance for each area. Illustration Marketing Product Brand Color pairing tool Any time we place text or buttons over color, we must ensure we’re meeting minimum accessibility contrast requirements. By using these predefined color pairs, we can make sure that eBay is accessible and meets brand standards for all. For more info, see Accessibility . Green Blue Red Yellow Neutral For the love of new fashion. Shop now Background t500 Hex #1BBFCA RGB 27 • 191 • 202 Pantone 2228 C • 2228 U CMYK C 100 • 0 • 24 • 0 CMYK U 100 • 0 • 21 • 0 Token color.core. teal.500 Foreground t700 Hex #07465A RGB 7 • 70 • 90 Pantone 3025 C • 3025 U CMYK C 100 • 19 • 0 • 56 CMYK U 100 • 40 • 13 • 42 Token color.core. teal.700 For the love of new fashion. Shop now Background b400 Hex #4D93FC RGB 77 • 147 • 252 Pantone 279 C • 2171 U CMYK C 69 • 34 • 0 • 0 CMYK U 71 • 30 • 0 • 0 Token color.core. blue.400 Foreground b800 Hex #19133A RGB 25 • 19 • 58 Pantone 648 C • 282 U CMYK C 100 • 69 • 0 • 56 CMYK U 100 • 83 • 0 • 46 Token color.core. blue.800 For the love of new fashion. Shop now Background c800 Hex #2F0E04 RGB 47 • 14 • 4 Pantone 476 C • 7631 U CMYK C 19 • 69 • 78 • 60 CMYK U 33 • 71 • 56 • 54 Token color.core. coral.800 Foreground c300 Hex #FFA78A RGB 255 • 167 • 138 Pantone 487 C • 487 U CMYK C 0 • 37 • 31 • 0 CMYK U 0 • 61 • 64 • 0 Token color.core. coral.300 For the love of new fashion. Shop now Background m400 Hex #FFA800 RGB 255 • 168 • 0 Pantone 130 C • 3514 U CMYK C 0 • 32 • 100 • 0 CMYK U 0 • 34 • 94 • 0 Token color.core. marigold.400 Foreground m700 Hex #562F01 RGB 86 • 47 • 1 Pantone 161 C • 161 U CMYK C 10 • 59 • 91 • 58 CMYK U 32 • 50 • 62 • 42 Token color.core. marigold.700 For the love of new fashion. Shop now Background n200 Hex #F7F7F7 RGB 247 • 247 • 247 Pantone Cool Gray 1 C • Cool Gray 1 U CMYK C 10 • 7 • 5 • 0 CMYK U 10 • 8 • 7 • 0 Token color.core. neutral.200 Foreground n800 Hex #191919 RGB 25 • 25 • 25 Pantone Black 3 C • Black 3 U CMYK C 74 • 52 • 71 • 90 CMYK U 59 • 41 • 51 • 60 Token color.core. neutral.800 For the love of new fashion. Shop now Background k500 Hex #3CC14E RGB 60 • 193 • 78 Pantone 2271 C • 2271 U CMYK C 66 • 0 • 90 • 0 CMYK U 73 • 0 • 100 • 0 Token color.core. kiwi.500 Foreground k800 Hex #0C310D RGB 12 • 49 • 13 Pantone 2411 C • 5535 U CMYK C 75 • 2 • 100 • 77 CMYK U 81 • 25 • 54 • 60 Token color.core. kiwi.800 Our color strategy We use color boldly but sparingly by applying our tone-on-tone strategy wherever possible. This means that we derive color backgrounds from the photo(s) being featured, and the foreground color is always a lighter or darker tone of the background color, which are pre-defined in the Color pairing tool . This focuses each placement on a single color family that harmonizes with the product and everything else layered on top. Color with images We use color backgrounds with masked images, lifestyle images and studio photography. We always choose colors from our color palette and generally use tone-on-tone pairings. Learn more about using photos in the Photography section. Tone-on-tone We use color backgrounds with masked images, lifestyle images, and studio photography. We always choose colors from our color palette and generally apply our tone-on-tone strategy. For more information on using photos, see Photography . Lifestyle Studio Masked Analogous & complementary colors There are moments when our tone-on-tone strategy doesn’t work. When more contrast is needed with a photo or more color variety is needed when featuring a specific brand or highlighting a specific season, you may use colors that are either next to or across from each other on the color wheel as background colors to photography. This does not apply to masked photography laying directly on a background color. Those layouts should use a tone-on-tone color. Analogous Analogous colors are next to each other on the color wheel, like green and yellow. This social post uses mainly green photography on a yellow background to match the featured photo. Complementary Complementary colors are across from each other on the color wheel, like blue and orange. This social post uses photography that’s primarily orange and is with blue background and typography for added contrast. Color with program badges Colors used with badges depend on the background the badges are being used on. For more information on using badges, see Program badges . On photography Badges are always white when used over photography. On color When used on color backgrounds, badges should be the tone-on-tone foreground color as predefined in the Color pairing tool . On neutrals When used on neutral backgrounds, badges should be their default color. Color with our logo Our logo can be used on photography, color, and neutral backgrounds. The color of the logo depends on the background it’s being used on. ` On photography When used directly over photography, the logo is always white. On color When used on color backgrounds, the logo should be the tone-on-tone foreground color as predefined in the Color pairing tool . On neutrals Our 4-color logo can be used on white, black, and neutral 200 backgrounds. For more info, see Our logo . Color with typography Typography can be used on photography, color, and neutral backgrounds. The color of the type depends on the background it’s being used on. For more information on sizing and formatting guidelines for type, see Using type . On photography When used directly over photography, typography is always white. On color When used on color backgrounds, type should be the tone-on-tone foreground color as predefined in the Color pairing tool . On neutrals On neutral backgrounds, typography is also neutral. Find specific color combinations we recommend for neutrals in the Color pairing tool . Color with illustration Each illustration can be used on white (Neutral 100), light gray (Neutral 200), or any of the other predefined colored backgrounds. To download each illustration with color backgrounds baked in, see the Illustration library . Do not put illustrations on any other background colors that have not been pre-approved. On white All illustrations can be used on white backgrounds. On neutral All illustrations can be used on neutral 200 backgrounds. On color Illustrations can only use background colors that have been predefined in our Illustration guidelines. Neutral backgrounds We use neutral backgrounds in areas where it’s important to allow our logo, a product, a person, or an illustration to really shine. Off-platform ads We use white backgrounds in off-platform and out-of-home ads to establish brand recognition with audiences that may not be as familiar with eBay and are not currently in context (like on our Instagram or website). Using white or light gray backgrounds in these applications allows the imagery and the logo to shine. We use Neutral 100 (white) backgrounds for social and out-of-home backgrounds and Neutral 200 (light gray) backgrounds for digital ads because they need to stand out against a white background. No clear primary color When there's no clear primary color or the primary color isn't an option, we use neutral backgrounds. To improve contrast We also use neutral backgrounds if the available shades of the product’s primary color do not allow enough contrast for the image to shine. Do use a neutral background to ensure contrast with the product. Don’t use the product’s primary color as a background if there isn’t enough contrast to ensure the product is legible. Resources Color palette library Download our color palette library in ASE format. Logo package Download our official logo asset pack. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Added sections for color with illustration, color with our logo, and color with program badges Added new guidance for using analogous & complementary colors with photography Mar, 2024 Updated all colors to new color palette Added a section for colors with illustration Removed section on email colors in dark mode. Will add more guidance in next release once we have updated client info. Oct, 2023 Added R7, G6, G7, B6 and B7 as backgrounds to marketing color combinations Aug, 2022 Updated some language to be more clear Jun, 2022 Updated dark mode colors in emails to align closer to latest tests Dec, 2021 Removed language and examples that illustrate neighboring color combinations Removed language and examples that illustrate color blocking Updated language and examples to illustrate new strategy using a single background color Updated colors in “Dark mode colors” section to more accurately represent the colors that are legible on most platforms today Updated examples in “Dark mode colors” section to use more current app styling Show “Our color combinations” in layered sets instead of linking out to a new tool Previous Our colors Next Using color in product Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR/USING-COLOR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LOGO/SHOWCASE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Showcase Get inspired by this collection of work that shows our logo at its best. Showcase On this page Product Social Branded merchandise Tagline Ads Emails Changelog Product Social Branded merchandise Tagline Ads Emails Changelog Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated and consolidated all examples Previous Best practices Next Color: Our colors Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LOGO/SHOWCASE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LOGO/USING-OUR-TAGLINE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using our tagline Our tagline captures the ethos of our global marketplace. It’s used in support of our company strategy. Using our tagline On this page When to use Placement Size Resources Changelog When to use Our tagline reinforces our brand value and establishes an emotional connection with our audience. It also functions as a graphic element, enhancing the balance of our layout. To maintain our tagline’s impact and resonance, use judiciously—excessive use can diminish its effectiveness. Placement In most cases, we position the tagline to the right of the logo, which is usually placed in the lower left corner when used with the tagline. More flexibility is available for high-impact moments including animation. Video description: A 9-second video shows a landscape ad with the eBay heritage logo in the upper right corner, stacked images in the middle and the black and white tagline “Things.People.Love” in the lower left. The layout changes where 3 images stack and the heritage logo is in the upper right corner with the tagline in the lower left. The layout continues to shift to a horizontal ad with the 3 images stacked and the logo in the lower left corner and the tagline in the lower right corner. It transitions back to the original landscape layout. Size We've developed 2 tagline placement alternatives tailored to specific requirements, each contingent on the logo's x-height. These tagline variations are versatile, suitable for everything from expansive billboards to social media posts. Choose the tagline that complements your layout best, ensuring a clean and balanced design. Large The large size precisely matches the eBay logo x-height and is particularly suitable for scenarios without a headline or for large billboards. Small The small size tagline measures half the logo x-height and aligns with the center of the logo x-height. This asset is ideal for supporting our headline messages, as well as for social media posts and other small formats. Title Do ensure there is sufficient contrast in hierarchy between the headline and tagline. Do not use headline text that is duplicative in nature to the tagline. Resources Logo package Download our official logo asset pack. Changelog Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Using our logo Next Best practices Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LOGO/USING-OUR-TAGLINE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LOGO/USING-OUR-LOGO #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Using our logo Our logo is evocative and versatile to reflect the diversity of people and products on our platform. It can express a huge range of emotion and scale in different contexts. Using our logo On this page Heritage Black and white Tone on tone Resources Changelog Heritage We use our traditional 4-color logo wherever possible, but especially in scenarios that require strong brand recognition and trust. Examples include our homepage, transactional emails, and financial applications. Just remember to only use the heritage logo on white, neutral 200, and black backgrounds. Black and white We use our black logo on white and light gray backgrounds. We use our white logo on black, dark gray, and photo backgrounds. For all approved color combinations, see the Color pairing tool . Tone on tone When dealing with lighter color-filled backgrounds, use the darkest shade of the background color for the logo fill. For examples of how to do this successfully, see Logo showcase . Resources Logo package Download our official logo asset pack. Color Learn how to use our color across product and marketing applications. Changelog Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Updated examples for heritage, black and white, and tone on tone Previous Our logo Next Using our tagline Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LOGO/USING-OUR-LOGO #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=TEMPLATES #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography eBay Evo media kit Google Slides template Powerpoint template Figma Slides template eBay letterhead eBay email signature Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size eBay Evo media kit (opens in new tab) 11.18.24 -- Google Slides template (opens in new tab) 06.24.24 -- Powerpoint template (opens in new tab) -- -- Figma Slides template (opens in new tab) -- -- eBay letterhead (opens in new tab) 10.01.24 -- eBay email signature (opens in new tab) -- -- Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES?FILTER=TEMPLATES #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Components overview Components are reusable pieces of code that serve as specific user interface elements or functions. Components overview Previous Tokens: Illustration Next Status Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Accordion Action bar Alert notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Carousel CCD Data visualization Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Item tile Loading Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Toggle button group Video player

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/INPUT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system Overview Tokens Overview Color Dimension Spacing Typography Breakpoints Shadow Shape Opacity Motion Illustration Components Overview Status Accordion Action bar Alert notice Overview Inline notice Page notice Section notice Avatar Badge Banner Breadcrumb Button Overview Branded button CTA button Icon button Link button Carousel CCD Data visualization Graphs Metrics Date picker Dialog Divider Education notice EEK rating and range Expansion Input Checkbox Chip Combobox Dropdown Password Phone number Radio button Select list Switch Text area Text field Item tile Loading Overview Expressive loader Skeleton loader Media container Pagination Popover Progress stepper Quick filter Search bar Section header Segmented button Sheet Bottom sheet Panel Signal Snackbar Tab Table Text link Tip Tooltip Tourtip Toggle button group Video player Patterns Overview Bulk edit File upload Input overview v3.1.0 Form fields allow users to enter and edit values to submit. Design Develop Input overview v3.1.0 Skeleton Title Skeleton subtitle Skeleton subtitle Skeleton subtitle Skeleton subtitle Skeleton subtitle Skeleton subtitle Skeleton subtitle Skeleton subtitle Skeleton Title Next Input: Develop Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Expanded component guidance coming soon. This page will be updated soon with expanded guidance and clarity from Design, Platform, and Accessibility teams. On this page Principles Anatomy Options Behavior Variants Platforms Specs Change log Principles Performant Forms allow users to complete fields effortlessly. Accessible Anyone, no matter their abilities, can complete forms. Dynamic Forms provide dynamic feedback so users can correct errors quickly and confidently. Anatomy Options Labels Labels are required for all form fields and are either stacked or floating. Stacked labels are above the text box and floating labels are inside the text box. A floating label animates upward on focus to make room for the input value. Icons A lead icon or trailing icon can signify acceptable entry types or behavior, like currency, date entry. Required/Optional fields Use an asterisk to indicate a field is required. Display the word “optional” in parentheses next to the field label is the field isn’t required. If most fields are required, only indicate the optional fields. If most fields are optional, only indicate the required fields. Placeholder content Placeholder text, or “ghost text”, is visible until a character is entered or a value is selected. Because the placeholder text disappears, putting instructions or requirements as placeholder text is not accessible. Helper text is the preferred method to convey this information. Helper text Helper text is placed below the field and informs the user of any requirements or disclaimers. Helper text can be shown persistently or on focus. Error messages When a field fails validation, the helper text produces an error message to help the user successfully fulfill the input requirements. Error messages are concise and direct, and replace any previously visible helper text. An error icon is prepended to the helper text to enhance discoverability. Character count A character counter will appear when there is a limit on the number of characters that can be submitted. The counter updates in real-time as the input is adjusted. Size There are two sizes available: 48px and 40px. These match our button sizes to account for situations where they are inline together. Avoid mixing different sizes in a single form. Read-only Users cannot focus on or change read-only fields. Their input is derived from other parts of the UI and is intended to be viewable for reference. The input is submitted with the form. Disabled Users cannot focus on or change disabled fields. Their availability depends on certain requirements. No value will be submitted from disabled fields. Prefix Static text or symbols can be prepended to the input. The prefix clarifies the expected input and removes the need for users to manually enter them. These are useful for values like currency. Suffix Static text or symbols can be appended to the input. The suffix clarifies the expected input and removes the need for users to manually enter them. These are useful for entering values like dimensions and weight. Behavior Input formatting Input formatting clarifies expectations and formats the input to be easier to read. Slashes, dashes, and spaces are automatically added to the input as the user enters characters. Overflow Single-line fields and text area fields handle overflowing content similarly. For single-line fields, the input overflows left or right. Text area fields overflow top and bottom. The overflowing input is masked in both.

While focused, the content will shift to keep the cursor in view as the user enters characters. When the field loses focus, the content will scroll to the beginning. Focusing on the field again returns the user to the end of the content. Type-ahead and autocomplete Type-ahead and autocomplete help accelerate user input by reducing keystrokes. Suggestions appear in a popover menu on large screens or below the field in a full-screen modal on small screens. Input privacy We use certain characters to conceal input as the user types for added security and privacy. The type of content determines the privacy character. Asterisks * Use asterisks to conceal all characters. Bullets ● Password entry uses large bullets. Users can disable privacy by activing the show/conceal toggle icon to the right. Lowercase x Use a lowercase x to conceal part of an entry. “Ending in…” Use “Ending in...” when concealing saved credit card and bank account numbers. This is only used in settings, not inside a field itself. Email Email address privacy is a common exception to these rules. Use asterisks to conceal characters between the first and last characters of the address before the @ symbol. Keyboard interaction Focusing on a field applies a custom focus indicator. All fields have the same focus indicator applied. Variants Standard text field The default text field is a single line field. Dropdown Dropdown fields allow for selection of a value within a predetermined data. Large screens open a menu container on focus. Compact screens open a bottom container or a fullscreen modal, depending on the number of options. Text area Text areas are useful when the input is expected to extend multiple lines. Comments, notes, and messages are examples where a text area is appropriate. Browsers natively add the ability to resize text area fields if the user would like more or less visible. The default height fits 5 lines of text. Password The password field automatically hides its input. It includes a trailing icon that toggles the entry masking. Phone number Phone number fields include a dropdown to select a country, a matching country code, and masked input to improve readability. Platforms Compact Form fields span the full width of the screen on compact screens. Tablet and desktop Form fields are aligned to the grid on larger screens up to the max width. Avoid allowing form fields to span the full width on large screens. Specs Text field Password Phone number entry Search Change log Version Date Notes 3.1.1 Mar 27, 2023 Fixes a label duplication glitch in the stacked text field layout component 3.1.0 Mar 21, 2023 Moves the error icon in invalid states to the leading element of the helper text Adds state layer to text field box to handle hover and pressed states Renames property for label location to label layout Renames values for label layout to stacked and floating Simplifies boolean property names Renames “Input” layers and properties to “Value” Updates helper text subcomponent to include error state property Increases spacing below field from 4px to 8px Updates read-only state to normal field styling with “read-only” helper text visible 3.0.1 Nov 28, 2022 Updates default and recommended heights for text area field 3.0.0 Jun 27, 2022 The 3.0 update affects the Figma component’s functionality, there are no visual or behavioral changes to the coded component. Updated each field type to use new component properties feature: Text property types for label, input, assistive text, and character count layers. Boolean property types for helper content, supporting icon, character count, and assistive text layers. Instance swap property for supporting icon (when enabled). Added prefix and suffix as a property of the text field component instead of separate components. Updated each field type to use new state-layer pattern. Renamed “Empty” boolean property to “Populated.” “Populated” property toggles the input text layer and the size and location of the label layer. Added interactions to 3.0 phone number field component 2.2.0 Feb, 2022 Increased contrast of form field border

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM/COMPONENTS/INPUT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUDE-PLUGIN #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Include plugin eBay created the Include—Accessibility Annotations Figma plugin to help designers with accessibility considerations early in their project, and to help with designer-developer collaboration. It is available to the Figma community and free. eBay teams use an internal version . Getting started Responsive web Native mobile Include plugin On this page Include goals How to use Include Understanding the accessibility concepts covered in Include Change log Include goals Our primary goal is to make it easier for designers to be intentional about accessibility as they create a design, and to reduce the feeling of being overwhelmed by the many accessibility requirements to consider. The plugin steps designers through the many (but not all) requirements to consider. Within a step it aims to simplify down to the essentials. The plugin team continues to add to the plugin and would love to hear your feedback, including any questions, suggestions, or issues. Include is published as an open source project on Github. How to use Include Designers need to install the plugin, and are guided through a series of steps. As they work in the plugin, accessibility layers are added to the Figma file. It is not necessary to do all the steps at once, the plugin saves the work. To learn how designers can use Include see this Getting started video , and visit our tutorials page (on YouTube) for some short videos. Engineers, product managers and others on the team do not need to install the plugin, they will review the accessibility layers that the plugin generates and then can add comments about these layers if needed. Understanding the accessibility concepts covered in Include Include aims to present essential and practical accessibility concepts for designers. These mostly come from the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) Level AA Success Criteria. In order to keep the plugin interface easier to use, and especially to support those using it frequently, the interface informs what to do more than why. The following tabs on Responsive Web and Native Mobile provide more explanations on the concepts in Include, and the Success Criteria with which they align. Web vs native Since there are significant design and engineering differences between a native app and a responsive web page, the plugin takes designers through different steps for a native vs a web design. The first action a designer must perform when using the plugin is to indicate if the frame they are annotating is a web or native design. This approach ensures the annotations for native vs web designs are relevant for engineers. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Accessibility: Overview Next Include plugin: Responsive web Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUDE-PLUGIN #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUDE-PLUGIN?TAB=NATIVE-MOBILE #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Include plugin eBay created the Include—Accessibility Annotations Figma plugin to help designers with accessibility considerations early in their project, and to help with designer-developer collaboration. It is available to the Figma community and free. eBay teams use an internal version . Getting started Responsive web Native mobile Include plugin On this page Headings Focus grouping Reading & focus order Alternative text Touch target Contrast Color Text resizing Complex gestures Change log Headings Headings provide a structure for the content within a screen. They help to divide up content and summarize it which can help users find and understand the content. For screen reader users, when an app uses headings, these provide an additional way to navigate around a screen. Typically, more prominent and heavier text should be for headings, but headings are more about structure than visual appearance. Some differences in Android or iOS native apps compared to web: there is no concept of heading levels (and therefore no nesting) and describing the main purpose of a screen is typically done with a title in the navigation bar, rather than a heading. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.3.1 Info and Relationships 2.4.1 Bypass Blocks 2.4.6 Headings and Labels Focus grouping Grouping elements like the contents of a tile or cell can make for a better experience when using assistive technology. If there is no action, or a  single action, the grouping makes navigating the screen easier, as it reduces the number of swipes or presses.  When more than one action is in a group additional annotation will be needed to explain the expected behavior. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.3.2 Meaningful Sequence 2.4.3 Focus Order Reading & focus order Using a mobile device with a screen reader, the reading order refers to the order the content announces by swiping right, or when the user chooses the command to read the entire screen from the top. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.3.2 Meaningful Sequence 2.4.3 Focus Order Alternative text Images that convey meaning are considered informative. Informative images need alternative text that screen readers will announce to communicate the image's purpose, function, or content. Images that do not convey meaning or are non-functional and adjacent to onscreen text that conveys their meaning are considered decorative. Decorative images do not need alternative text. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.1.1 Non-text Content Touch target Larger touch areas make it easier for people with limited dexterity or low vision to activate controls, and to avoid inadvertently activating adjacent controls. The target area could be the size of the element itself or the element and its padding. Recommended minimum: 48px x 48px unless target is in a sentence or block of text, or a pin on a map, or dots on a chart. Drawing target areas helps to identify whether these meet the minimum size. Include then checks  for any overlapping areas to ensure there is sufficient spacing. Drawing the target can also help to communicate to engineers design intent on which areas will be actionable. E.g. is the row the target or only the button at the end of the row. Related WCAG Success Criteria 2.5.8 Target Size (Minimum) Contrast To ensure the experience can be used by those with low vision, colorblindness and others, text, interface controls and informative graphic elements must meet contrast minimums. Text minimum contrast 4.5:1 Large text minimum contrast 3:1 The standard defines large text as 24px or greater, or 19px bold or greater. Interface controls and informative graphic elements: 3:1 Exceptions Logos and wordmarks Disabled controls Decorative elements elements providing no information, and having no functionality Skeleton loaders covering a large area (e.g. item cards, full screen content) Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.4.3 Contrast (Minimum) 1.4.11 Non-text Contrast Color Color can be very beneficial for some users with disabilities, but use color as a secondary affordance of information. Differentiating between colors can be very difficult for people with low vision or color blindness. Do not rely on color alone to convey meaning or distinguish visual elements. Review designs in grayscale or monochrome to verify that the hierarchy and purpose are perceivable without color. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.4.1 Use of Color Text resizing Native apps need to support users who modify text size through the display or accessibility settings in Android or iOS. At different text sizes check for: No overlapping text. No text extending beyond its bounds, for example, don't create a button label that extends beyond its button container. No content that is hidden/cropped offscreen If text is truncated, how will users know the full text? Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.4.4 Resize Text Complex gestures When actions can be performed with a gesture, ensure there is at least one alternate way to perform this using one finger and taps. As this requirement supports sighted users with limited dexterity but who may not be using assistive technology, the alternate method must be visible.  Custom actions can also support assistive technology users. For example, if the app has ‘swipe to delete’ functionality, to remove a row, provide another way, such as tapping an ‘edit’ button, tapping to select the item, and tapping a ‘delete’ button. Additionally, the app could support custom actions on the row, enabling assistive technology users to delete, while focus is on the row. Related WCAG Success Criteria 2.5.1 Pointer Gestures Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Include plugin: Responsive web Next Object styles: Using object styles in product Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. 00:00 00:00 00:00 00:00

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUDE-PLUGIN?TAB=NATIVE-MOBILE #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUDE-PLUGIN?TAB=RESPONSIVE-WEB #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Include plugin eBay created the Include—Accessibility Annotations Figma plugin to help designers with accessibility considerations early in their project, and to help with designer-developer collaboration. It is available to the Figma community and free. eBay teams use an internal version . Getting started Responsive web Native mobile Include plugin On this page Landmarks Headings Reading & focus order Alternative text Contrast Color Touch target Text resizing Responsive reflow Change log Landmarks Landmarks help identify the organization and structure of a web page for people who use assistive technology (AT), and enable them to jump from region to region using keyboard shortcuts defined by their AT. Defining landmarks The main landmark identifies the primary content of the page. There can only be one main landmark, and cannot be nested within other landmarks. The banner landmark identifies site-oriented content at the beginning of each page within a website, such as the logo at the top of the page, and typically spans full width. There can only be one banner, and it cannot be nested within other landmarks. The footer landmark identifies common information at the bottom of each page within a website. There can only be one footer, and it cannot be nested in another landmark. The navigation landmarks provide a way to identify groups of links a person can use to navigate a website or page. If there are more than one navigation landmark, it is recommended to give the landmark a name, such as 'Primary' or 'Account.' Assistive technology will announce 'navigation' so do not include that word in the name. A search landmark contains a collection of items and objects that combine to create search functionality for content on the website. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.3.1: Info and Relationships 2.4.1: Bypass Blocks Headings Headings provide a clear hierarchy for the content in a document or on a screen. Think of headings as an outline for the content and sections on a page. Typically, the text we make more prominent and heavier should be headings. Every page must have an H1 and only one H1. Subsequent headings should be nested appropriately and not skip levels. Dialogs and panels appear above the parent page or screen and typically start with an H2 for the dialog title. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.3.1 Info and Relationships 2.4.1 Bypass Blocks 2.4.6 Headings and Labels Reading & focus order An established reading order improves the clarity of a page’s content. Proper reading order can help people who use assistive technology or have cognitive disabilities. Just like how we decide the visual priority of content, like making more essential things larger and placing them at the top, we must consider how content gets conveyed programmatically. Defining the intended reading order helps our engineers understand how to implement a page’s content. Considerations Content relationships If we have four content modules displayed horizontally on a large screen that are meant to be read in order, keep that order in mind when those four modules are displayed vertically. Do they appear in order on smaller screens? Consistency When common elements are used across pages, like a standard header and left navigation, having the same reading order lends to a more predictable and understandable experience. Visual order Reading order and tab order often mirrors the visual hierarchy of content and follows a left-to-right, top-to-bottom flow for LTR languages. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.3.2 Meaningful Sequence 2.4.3 Focus Order Alternative text Images that convey meaning are considered informative. Informative images need alternative text that screen readers will announce to communicate the image's purpose, function, or content. Images that do not convey meaning or are non-functional and adjacent to onscreen text that conveys their meaning are considered decorative. Decorative images do not need alternative text; they often use an empty alt attribute. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.1.1 Non-text Content Contrast To ensure the experience can be used by those with low vision, colorblindness and others, text, interface controls and informative graphic elements must meet contrast minimums. Text minimum contrast 4.5:1 Large text minimum contrast 3:1 The standard defines large text as 24px or greater, or 19px bold or greater. In CSS, bold text typically has font-weight:bold, or font-weight:700 or greater. Interface controls and informative graphic elements: 3:1 Exceptions Logos and wordmarks Disabled controls Decorative elements elements providing no information, and having no functionality Skeleton loaders covering a large area (e.g. item cards, full screen content) Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.4.3 Contrast (Minimum) 1.4.11 Non-text Contrast Color Use color as a secondary affordance of information. Differentiating between colors can be very difficult for people with low vision or color blindness. Do not rely on color alone to convey meaning or distinguish visual elements. Review designs in grayscale or monochrome to verify that the hierarchy and purpose are perceivable without color. Exceptions Logos and wordmarks Disabled controls Decorative elements elements providing no information, and having no functionality Skeleton loaders covering a large area (e.g. item cards, full screen content) Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.4.1 Use of Color Touch target Larger touch areas make it easier for people with limited dexterity or low vision to activate controls, and to avoid inadvertently activating adjacent controls.  The target area could be the size of the element itself or an element and its padding. For web, the minimum is 24px by 24px unless the target is in a sentence or block of text, or a pin on a map, or dots on a chart. Drawing target areas helps to identify whether these meet the minimum size. Include then checks  for any overlapping areas to ensure there is sufficient spacing. Drawing the target can also help to communicate to engineers design intent on which areas will be actionable. E.g. is the row the target or only the button at the end of the row. Related WCAG Success Criteria 2.5.8 Target Size (Minimum) Text resizing To meet  WCAG SC 1.4.4 Resize text, users must be able to resize text at least 200% without loss of information. Users resize text with browser settings or functionality. When users resize text, it is likely other page elements may need to respond, such as by getting larger or changing position. Note that resizing text to 200% is not the same as zoom to 200%. With zoom, other elements such as images likely get larger. A common misunderstanding of SC 1.4.4 Resize text, is that it requires support for zoom to 400%, rather than resize text to 200% as required. The reason for the confusion may be that 1.4.10 Reflow mentions an equivalent method of resizing a standard monitor browser width to 320px, is to zoom to 400%. The 2 success criteria are different, and meeting 1.4.10 Reflow does not necessarily guarantee meeting 1.4.4 Resize text. This is why WCAG kept two success criteria and why Include has 2 steps. Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.4.4 Resize Text Responsive reflow If the user changes device orientation, resizes the browser, or zooms in, the content should reflow without horizontal scrolling or loss of functionality. When the browser is 320px wide, the page must not have horizontal scrolling. Scrolling horizontally for parts of the page may be necessary, such as table headings, carousels, navigation, filter pills etc. Here are some things to check for after a reflow: No overlapping text No text extending beyond its bounds, for example, don't create a button label that extends beyond its button container No content that is hidden/cropped offscreen as a result of the reflow Avoid multi-directional scrolling (except carousels and data tables) Avoid loss of user input in forms or editable tables Related WCAG Success Criteria 1.4.10 Reflow Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Include plugin: Getting started Next Include plugin: Native mobile Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. 00:00 00:00 00:00 00:00 00:00 00:00 00:00 00:00

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ACCESSIBILITY/INCLUDE-PLUGIN?TAB=RESPONSIVE-WEB #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/OBJECT-STYLES-IN-PRODUCT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Object styles in product Object styles provide structure and communicate shared behavior between elements. Object styles in product On this page Border Radius Shadow Resources Change log Border Border width is used to define structure and separation. View all border tokens . Subtle - 0.5px The subtle border width is reserved for navigation elements like the tab menu on compact screens. Default - 1px The default border width is used to illustrate the boundary of components and divide content. Strong - 2px Strong borders are used to emphasize elements that primarily use borders for their structure, like tabs. Focus outlines also use the strong border width. Radius Radius is used widely throughout our system. Each radius size is intentionally applied to select elements. View all radius tokens . Default - 8px The default radius is the most common radius size. It’s applied to input fields and most component containers. It’s also applied to images with short edges smaller than 80px. Large - 16px The large radius applies to popovers, modal containers, and images with short edges 80px and larger. Extra large - 24px The extra large radius applies to more expressive components like banner dialogs. Full - 50% Full rounding is reserved for buttons, notification badges, and priority signals. This shape is meant to draw attention. Circle Circles are reserved for avatars and icon buttons. Shadow Drop shadow is used for transient and fixed elements. View all shadow tokens . Subtle The subtle shadow is only used in persistent navigation elements. This provides separation without being distracting. Strong The strong shadow is reserved for transient elements, like popovers, snackbars, and tooltips. It remains the same for all components and screen sizes. Resources Tokens overview Tokens abstract raw values into scalable, meaningful, and readable labels spanning across teams and platforms. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Jul, 2023 Added extra large radius Mar, 2023 Generalized to shape and style Added shadow section Added border width section Apr, 2022 Established new shape system Previous Accessibility: Include plugin Next Using object styles in marketing Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/OBJECT-STYLES-IN-PRODUCT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ACCESSIBILITY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Accessibility overview We all differ in our abilities to interact with our world and consume information. At eBay, we believe in design that includes as many people as possible by default. Accessibility overview On this page Overview An accessible foundation Platform differences Resources Change log Overview eBay is committed to building a community enabled by people and supported by technology that’s open to the broadest audience possible. We’re committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities, and making eBay available and usable for all people. For designers working in Figma, we developed Include, an open-source plug-in to help think through accessibility requirements and annotate them along the way. Patterns and components defined in the eBay Evo Design System aim to conform to WCAG 2.1 AA by providing an experience that is Perceivable, Operable, Understandable and Robust as defined by the Web Accessibility Initiative (WAI) Working Group of the W3C. An accessible foundation Our main goal is to design, develop and maintain an accessible experience for all people, including those living with disabilities. The population we consider includes those living with disabilities related to hearing, vision, mobility, and cognitive—which may be situational, temporary or permanent. Anybody should be able to to use eBay however they want, using whatever device or technology they may need. Structure & meaning Use of landmarks (web) and headings Consistent styling and layout Semantic markup and use of ARIA only where necessary Form controls All form elements have a visible label Using proper markup to group radio buttons and checkboxes Clearly summarized errors and guidance to resolve Real radios/checkboxes vs menu radios/checkboxes Focus indication and management Visible location within the site or app, especially when dialogs or layers appear Clear and obvious location, actions, and available options while navigating the UI Color contrast and use of color Meeting or exceeding WCAG 2.1 AA contrast minimums. Not relying on color alone to convey meaning. Alternative text for non-text content Provide alternative text for meaningful/informative images, including SVGs Using methods to ignore decorative images Alternative text (WebAIM) Touch/click targets Sufficient activation areas for interactive elements Adequate padding between interactive elements Reading & Focus order Screen content is presented in a meaningful reading order Focus order of interactive elements generally follow the visual order Content & writing Use of plain language Clear, easy to understand Keyboard-only use All functionality (web and mobile apps) must be operable with keyboard-only Access to all interactive elements, keyboard focus must not land on non-interactive elements All interactive elements function via the keyboard Focus management – when activating an element, focus should remain clear (limit/avoid highjacking user focus) Hover states have an equivalent focus state Web: basic keyboard navigation (i.e TAB) vs advanced/widget navigation (i.e. ARROW keys) Following these foundational considerations will result in a more consistent, predictable, and familiar experience from screen to screen, allowing people to use eBay however they need. For example, those using assistive technology like screen readers or refreshable braille displays, those using larger text or screen magnification, or those using only a keyboard to navigate and operate the interface. Platform differences We recognize there are different expectations and how people interact with, and consume content on, the web versus native apps. Throughout this site, the patterns, components and linked implementation guidance recognize these unique environments. In general, the spirit of WCAG is still applicable even if the implementation methods are distinctly different. Where appropriate, accessibility-specific guidance can be found on the “Accessibility” tab within each component page. Resources Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Previous Generative AI: Motion Next Include plugin Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Include plugin Use the Include plugin to annotate your Figma designs with accessibility requirements. eBay Skin Explore eBay’s official CSS framework. eBay Accessibility Read eBay’s accessibility statement. eBay MIND Patterns This guide helps frontend developers build accessible e-commerce sites and components. eBayUI-core Explore the core building blocks for all eBay components, pages, and apps on web. Inclusive Design (Microsoft) Check out Microsoft’s comprehensive introduction to the world of inclusive design.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ACCESSIBILITY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/INTERACTION-LEVELS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Interaction levels Interaction design heavily impacts the overall product experience. Our system aims to keep interactions simple and direct. Interaction levels On this page Considerations Levels Change log Considerations Predictable Interactions indicate what will occur when triggered.  There are no surprises. Proximity Interactions trigger elements close to where they occur. Simple Start with simple interactions before considering complexity. Levels There are 4 levels of interaction, each increasing in complexity. On page Above page Modal New page 1. On page On-page elements can be directly manipulated and cause a change in state immediately after an interaction. They can include level 1 elements like text fields or buttons. When to use Form entry Quick filtering Title and label editing Examples Text field Button Quick filter Selection control Tab Pagination Expansion Toggle button 2. Above page Level 2 elements lie “above” the main page content. They are non-modal and allow access to the base layer. When to use Temporarily surfacing supplemental actions or information. Transient messaging. Presenting information without obstructing the primary content Examples Tooltip Menu Snackbar Popover 3. Modal Level 3 elements lie 2 layers “above” the base layer and block access to the main content until dismissed. Only one modal element should be present at a time. If multiple modal elements are being used, either dismiss the modal and replace it, or use a new page. When to use When access to the primary content is distracting. When the user needs to acknowledge something before continuing. Content that must be explicitly saved and submitted. Examples Modal Alert Bottom sheet Panel 4. New page Complex experiences with multiple steps and interactive elements should use a dedicated page with an optional focused header. This allows for use of all other levels of interaction and improves the overall accessibility of the experience. This can take the form of a hub and spoke navigation model or a fullscreen dialog on mobile. When to use Multi-step experiences Complex data management Listing flows Detail views Examples Focused header (TBA) Create a coupon Create buyer groups Edit multiple listings Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Feb, 2022 Separated levels into distinct sections with level prefix Added new visual examples Added when to use lists Added list of example use cases Added links to other patterns Previous Motion in marketing: Depth in motion Next Interaction states Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 18-second video shows a search results page on mobile with product images in a grid. A number 1 appears and points to quick filters on page at the top. Scrolling down the page number 2 appears and points to a filter button sitting above the page. The filter button is pressed, and number 3 appears and points to an opened mobile with filter options. The modal is closed and the cart icon button in the top right is pressed. Number 4 appears and points to the new page which is now the cart screen. 00:00 Video description: A 5-second video shows a mobile search results screen with images stacked in a grid for men’s running shoes. There are small heart icons outlined in black in the upper right corner of each product image tile. The top left heart is tapped on the product and it fills itself gray. When tapped a snack bar animates on the bottom of the screen with the message “Item added to your wishlist” and an option to “Undo”. Video description: A 5-second video shows a mobile screen of on page quick filtering titled “What are you into?”. It contains a stacked masonry group of colorful illustrated category image cards titled, “Electronics”, “Collectibles” and “Sneakers”. Each pressed in that order as the screen scrolls. Their text pills become darker with a checkmark appearing on the side indicating they have been selected. An outline also appears around the selected cards. Video description: A 4-second video shows a view item screen on mobile. The color field is selected and a modal window pops up from the bottom of the screen with color swatch options and text inside. The color option light grey is selected. When “x” is selected the modal closes. Video description: A 5-second video shows a selling landing screen on mobile. The “List an item” cta button is tapped and a skeleton loading screen appears as the new page’s content loads. The skeleton disappears as the “Create a listing” page finishes loading.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/INTERACTION-LEVELS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Our motion Our motion system is an extension of ourselves and our interactions with the world. When used successfully, motion creates effortless experiences that tell meaningful stories for both product and brand. Our motion On this page Motion Tenets Resources Change log Motion Thoughtfully incorporating physical motion into both product and marketing experiences creates a better connection with users. Consistent, purposeful motion establishes hierarchy and elevates our brand expression by guiding and exciting our customers as they interact with eBay. Tenets Purposeful As an additive storytelling element, motion can guide users through a narrative when used confidently and with intention. Complementary Motion always complements the design—all motion and visual elements in a composition should agree with one another. Natural People are at the core of everything we do. Our motion has natural weight and movements that are effortless to watch and evoke a sense of familiarity. Resources Motion tokens Learn about our motion tokens. Brand motion toolkit Access our motion toolkit to create assets across platforms and software. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Created with eBay Evo Previous Layout in marketing: Stacks Next Motion in product: Using motion in product Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 3-second animation shows a greyscale circle that has a fluid moving popup coming from the bottom with a button. Video description: A 1-second animation of three grayscale squares in a diagonal pattern. Video description: A 3-second animation shows gray placeholder shapes and a circle.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/MOTION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Layout in product A responsive grid dynamically updates the page layout according to viewport size. The use of a grid allows us to remain consistent throughout our products and platforms. Layout in product On this page Grids Spacing blocks Activating grids in Figma Screen sizes Resources Change log Grids We have four main grid presets to consolidate margin and gutter adjustments across breakpoints. Please note that these names are slightly different than the ones found in the breakpoints section below. Small 8 column (320–511px) Use for small to medium screens. Construction 8 columns flexed 8px gutters 16px margins fixed Medium 16 column (512–1279px) Use for medium to large screens. Construction 16 columns flexed 16px gutters 32px margins fixed Large 16 column (1280–1679px) Use for large to x-large screens. Construction 16 columns flexed 16px gutters 48px margins fixed X-large 16 column (1680px+) Use for x-large screens. The columns are fixed-widths with auto margins from 1680px+. Max design area excluding margins is 1584px wide. Construction 16 columns fixed 16px gutters Margins auto/flexed Spacing blocks Spacing blocks are used to create spacing and dimension throughout the system. 8px Baseline Evolution uses a proportional layout system anchored around a base value of 8px. For detailed and complex components, factors of 2 may be used sparingly to create additional hierarchy. See spacing tokens for more information. Activating grids in Figma To activate grids in Figma, select a frame, navigate to the "layout grid" section on the right panel, and select the "style" button that appears on hover. Choose the appropriate grid from the menu. Screen sizes Designers should create outputs for at least three key sizes: small (320px), medium (768px), and large (1280px) to partner on development. However, we recommend designing for the full range of screen sizes listed below to ensure optimal behavior across all breakpoints. Breakpoints On web, we utilize eight breakpoints for maximum scalability and control over layouts and components. These breakpoints are 320, 512, 768, 1024, 1280, 1440, 1680 and 1920px. Refer to the eBay skin page grid documentation for the latest resources. Min and max widths Designs need to flex down to 320px and up to 1680px. Through our mobile-first approach, our official support for the smallest viewport width is 320px. However, technically speaking, there is no “minimum” breakpoint required. Resources Breakpoint tokens Learn about our breakpoint tokens. Item tile Learn how to build and use item tiles. Change log Date Notes Oct, 2024 Updated screen size area with the highlight moving from 375 to 320 Removed mention of native platforms Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Added spacing blocks section Mar, 2023 Updated small and medium grid presets Updated min & max width section example and language Added breakpoints section Oct, 2022 Changed the “large” grid preset to “medium” Added a new “large” grid preset that accounts for larger screens with new 48px margins Added a new “x-large” grid preset that accounts for x-large screens where design locks at a max width with automatic margins Updated the grid style color from 12% #000000 to 6% #FF0000 Added “activating grids” section Updated guidance to included medium, large, x-large grids Updated screen sizes area Updated min and max widths Updated flex rules examples May, 2022 Updated to use documentation kit Previous Illustration: Showcase Next Responsive layout Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LAYOUT-IN-PRODUCT #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Our illustrations We use illustrations to enhance our storytelling and create a bridge between our product language and lifestyle-focused imagery. We regularly update the illustration library as new illustrations become available. To discuss new illustration needs, bespoke coloring, custom compositions, or animations, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Do not create your own illustrations. Our illustrations On this page Approach Level of focus Illustration types Categories Illustration requests Resources Change log Approach Our illustration approach expresses authentic connection and relatability. Grounded in texture and narrative, our illustration style educates, celebrates, and guides our users throughout the product experience. We use a single illustrator named Mason London for all of our illustrations. Level of focus We have three types of illustrations—motifs, compilations, and scenes—to express the diverse range of subjects within our product ecosystem. Motif A simple visual of a small number of objects and/or people that are isolated from context Compilation A more complex composition of many objects and/or people that are isolated from context Scene A complete, immersive graphic depicting objects and/or people within a setting or context Motif Motifs bring notional concepts to life in quick and easy-to-understand visuals. Compilation Compilations tell more complete conceptual stories—they help users understand a range of objects more clearly. Scene Scenes should depict objects and/or people in a real, immersive environment or moment in time. Illustration types All illustrations in our Illustration library have been licensed for global use across eBay products and services. Within the library, you can download the illustrations on white or other approved color backgrounds and use them as needed in product, advertising or trade contexts. These are the only illustrations approved for eBay use, do not make your own or try to mimic the style. If you need an illustration that doesn’t exist In the library, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Buying & selling These illustrations portray our core buying and selling experiences like browsing, shipping, and selling an item. Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Buying & Selling Illustrations in the Illustration Library . People & Enthusiasts These illustrations portray our vibrant community of enthusiast buyers and sellers in various contexts. Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for People & Enthusiast Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Null states These illustrations portray our vibrant community of enthusiast buyers and sellers in various contexts. Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Null States in the Illustration Library . Personalization These illustrations were made for eBay’s personalized saved size feature and depict things like saving shoe, watch, fashion, and jewelry sizes. Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Personalization Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Ads program These illustrations describe the 3 tiers of eBay’s advertising promotions. Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Ads Program Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Bidding & celebration These illustrations portray emotional buying and selling moments on eBay including bidding, winning or losing an auction, and selling an item. Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Bidding & Celebration Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Scenes These illustrations portray full, immersive environments. Find the Figma components and ZOOM URL’s in the Illustration Library . Categories These illustrations depict important categories on eBay including motors, electronics, fashion, home and collectibles. Motors Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Motors Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Electronics Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Electronics Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Fashion Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Fashion Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Home Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Home Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Collectibles Find the Figma components with color variations and ZOOM URL’s for Collectibles Illustrations in the Illustration Library . Illustration requests We regularly update the illustration library as new illustrations become available. To discuss new illustration needs, bespoke coloring, custom compositions, or animations, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Do not create your own illustrations. Resources Illustration components See each supported background color in our illustration components. OX Brand Design office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Brand Design team. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Added personalization, ads program, bidding & celebration, and scenes illustration groups Dec, 2023 Page created Previous Iconography: Showcase Next Visual tone Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ILLUSTRATION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/OUR-ICONS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Our icons Our icons are the visual shorthand that make the eBay experience smooth and seamless. They help people find their way, highlight important information, and reinforce our brand’s foundational aspects of being modern, friendly, and universally understood. Our icons On this page Considerations Categories Characteristics Scale Resources Change log Considerations Metaphorical We represent tools and topics as simply as possible throughout our product. To achieve this, we leverage existing metaphors for our icons. Some icons are more abstract by nature, but objects like a cart, heart, pencil, image, and magnifying glass are as universal as they come. Metaphors stay consistent across operating systems and remain clear and additive to the experience. Platform specific While icons should look and feel consistent across the eBay experience, some icons apply only to certain platforms. In these cases, icons should follow a system’s established patterns. For example, the share, back, and overflow buttons look different between iOS and Android. Categories Core library We designed our core library of icons to help quickly direct user attention. Think of the home or settings icons—they’re hyper-functional guideposts for users. We’ve organized these icons into common categories for ease of use. View our suite of available icons on the Icon library page. Program badges Our program badges express a service offer or guarantee. You can find these in the “Program badges” category of the core library. These icons support programs such as eBay’s Authenticity Guarantee, Money Back Guarantee, PSA Vault, Direct from Brand, eBay Plus, and more. Learn more about using these badges in product and marketing application on the Program badges page. Confirmation indicators Confirmation indicators express confirmation, verification, and fitment throughout eBay. Learn more about using these indicators on the Confirmation indicators page. Characteristics We use icons to support our customers. While each icon can stand on its own, the icons also work together as a harmonious set. Our icons are free of unnecessary detail, highly legible at smaller sizes, and easy to understand. Simple shapes Icons are designed to embody simplicity and clarity, principles that extend to their creation. The process begins with foundational common shapes, which serve as the blueprint. These shapes are then enhanced with rounded corners and refined details, resulting in a polished final asset. Stroke weight We maintain a consistent stroke weight of 2px for icons sized at 24px, 20px, and 16px, which constitute the bulk of our icon library. Exceptions to this standard are the 12px and 64px icons, which feature stroke weights of 1.25px and 5px, respectively. Radius The corner radius is determined by icon size and a centered stroke line: 24px and 20px icons feature a 2px radius, while 16px icons have a 1.5px radius. Please note that using an inside- or outside-aligned stroke line will result in an incorrect corner radius. When using these alternative alignments, the corner radius must be adjusted to match the centered stroke specifications. Endpoints To enhance the playful and welcoming nature of our icon style, we use rounded terminals for all endpoints. Safe space The safe space around our icons is consistently maintained at a minimum of 1px for all sizes. However, circles and various shapes are sometimes allowed to enter this space to aid in optical alignment, particularly for icons with pronounced vertical or horizontal elements. Scale Our icons exhibit close attention to detail, following strict rules to achieve precise clarity and consistency. You can access these icons in 3 primary sizes for optimal legibility and usability, plus additional extra-small and extra-large sizes to use sparingly. As a general rule, do not alter or edit icons. Extra small (12) A select few icons have extra-small 12px versions, ideal for table-sorting controls, chevrons, and arrows—situations where the icon must be functional yet secondary to the main content. These icons feature a 1.25px stroke weight and are enclosed within a 12px bounding box. Navigation (20) A specialized set of 20px icons is designed to support the top navigation area of the product, ensuring optimal optical balance. These icons feature a 2px stroke weight and are exclusively used within 40px circular buttons. Main (24, 16) Throughout the eBay experience, we predominantly utilize two icon sizes: 16px and 24px, both with a 2px stroke weight. These are the sizes you will most frequently use in your designs. Extra large (64) Extra-large icons, contained within a 64px bounding box and featuring a 5px stroke weight, are reserved for empty-state screens. Typically, there is 2px to 3px of safe space around the perimeter of the artwork. Drawing size variations Icons are meticulously crafted at every size. It's crucial to keep in mind that as icons decrease in size, details are often pared down and simplified for optimal clarity. An icon's identity should remain consistent and easily recognizable across all sizes. Icon button sizes Choose icons that visually align well within buttons. A useful guideline is to select an icon size that is half the size of the button. For instance, opt for a 16px icon when paired with a 32px button. Resources To discuss icon needs, reach out to the OneExperience (OX) team or sign up for office hours . Icon library View our suite of available icons. Confirmation indicators Learn how to style and use confirmation indicators. Program badges Learn how to use color with program badges. OX Design System office hours Book office hours with the OneExperience Design System team. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Feb, 2023 Updated icons on page Oct, 2022 Updated “Icon style” section Added “Characteristics” section Replaced “Icon types” section with “Core library” and “Sub categories” Moved “Examples” to “Showcase” page Updated “Resources” section Previous Photography: Showcase Next Using icons Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/ICONOGRAPHY/OUR-ICONS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Our photos Let’s take a pic! Whether we’re showcasing products or showing off our enthusiasts, our photography authentically captures our community in their elements, on their terms, and with their passions in clear focus. We want to reflect everyday, real-life moments to create genuine connection, so we capture our content out in the world or in studio environments—not manicured sets. Our photos On this page Approach Characteristics Photo library Resources Change log Approach Everything has a story Our approach highlights the joy of our community’s everyday eccentricities, passions, and treasures with authentic lifestyle and studio imagery. Friend-to-friend The stories we strive to tell reflect everyday, real-life moments, with an emphasis on what creates genuine community and connection. To illustrate an authentic experience, we capture these moments out in the world or in studio environments, not in manicured sets. Characteristics Our photography style comes with its very own set of principles to capture the right moment. Reflect our world. We are proud of the global diversity of our marketplace and want to represent that diversity with sensitivity. Our photography is mindful of cultural nuances and consciously inclusive when capturing people, scenarios, traditions, and details. Show our genuine nature. By elevating everyday moments, we reveal layers of unique character and emotional depth. We reinforce our connection with our community of enthusiasts by reflecting their passions. Make it vivid. We play with light, contrast, pops of primary color, and bold styling to vividly portray individuals immersed in their passions while organically using our products and sharing moments together. Create a narrative. Narrative emphasizes the personal stories that accompany our products. Our photography should create a familiar, nostalgic feel and capture how our community sees themselves—out in the world exploring their passions and letting their genuine personality shine. Photo library Access our imagery You can browse and download our diverse photo library by visiting our asset library. Resources eBay photo library Download and browse our diverse photo library. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Expanded approach and characteristics sections Previous Typography: Showcase Next Visual tone Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A video shows a single studio style image card of a woman with curly black hair and a burgundy dress with a designer handbag. The image pops and 5 more image cards come around it and stack in a shuffle layout diagonally from top left to right. The colorful image cards shuffle so that 5 new image cards appear, it shuffles again and 5 more new ones appear. The cards all stack back down to the lower right image of 3 young people in front of a green background. That image card moves to the center of a catalog grid of brand photos full of of colorful backgrounds. The catalog grid scrolls down one row at a time revealing new image cards at the top.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/PHOTOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Our typeface Typography brings our content to life. It’s how we welcome our users, tell stories, and direct their attention. We complement the vibrancy of our colors and imagery with a typeface that’s bold yet approachable—Market Sans. Our typeface On this page Market Sans Anatomy Character details Type tester Character set Character support for other languages Resources Change log Market Sans Designed exclusively for eBay, Market Sans is consistent, familiar, and open—just like our modern marketplace. Market Sans mirrors eBay’s welcoming spirit with simple, open geometric shapes. It’s accessible and friendly. We use both bold and regular weights in all of our applications. Anatomy A shared vocabulary helps clarify what’s working and what’s not when using type in a design. Here are some important type terms when discussing type in a layout. X-height is measured from the baseline to the top of the lowercase “x.” Ascender is the part of a lowercase letter that extends above the x-height. Letter spacing is the horizontal adjustment to the space between letters in a block of text. Line height is the vertical space between lines of text, measured from baseline to baseline. Descender is the part of a lowercase letter that extends below the baseline. Baseline is the invisible line that letters rest on. Character details Market Sans mirrors our strong global economy and confident, open market place. The shapes and details of our letterforms express these characteristics. Modern Strong angles and simple geometric shapes lend a modern elegance to letter forms. Approachable Generous roundness and open counters create curves that feel accessible yet confident. Distinct Details like the angled terminal of the “t,” arrow-like diagonals of the “k,” and open counter of the “4” are fresh and unique. Type tester Try out our typeface to see how size affects its impact. Titles 124 The place for things people love. Body copy 22 It's how we welcome our users, tell stories and direct their attention. We complement the vibrancy of our colors and imagery with a typeface that's conversational, bold and friendly - Market Sans. Created exclusively for eBay, Market Sans is consistent, familiar and open - just like our modern marketplace. Market Sans mirrors eBay's welcoming spirit with simple, open geometric shapes. Character set Our font includes a standard character set along with glyphs including punctuation, math symbols, currency, and numbers. Punctuation . , : ; … • ! ¡ ? ¿ & - – _ / \ ( ) [ ] { } ¶ § | † ‘ ’ “ ” < > @ © ™ ^ Math and symbols + - ÷ x = < > / % ‰ # º Currencies £ $ ¢ ¥ € Standard set 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z & Character support for other languages Market Sans Regular and Bold support all the characters used in our major market languages — English, German, French, Italian, Spanish, Polish, Portuguese, Czech, Hungarian, and Russian. Market Sans does not have character support for Dutch, Chinese, Japanese, or Korean. Strings in these languages revert to Google Sans on Android and San Francisco on iOS. Video description: A 20-second animation shows the word "hello" being typed and erased in six different languages, one at a time, in the Market Sans typeface. Resources Download Market Sans Available in OTF, TTF, WOFF, and EOT (2.4mb) Type tokens View the tokens that we use to consistently apply these styles to any string in development. Color pairing tool Learn how to use approved foreground and background colors. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Added interactive animations for each character detail Added type tester tool Added interactive character set section Jul, 2022 Updated styling and hosting for download link Previous Color: Showcase Next Using type Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/TYPOGRAPHY #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Our colors Color at eBay is vibrant and visually represents how eBay is for everyone. We believe that diversity is fundamental to an inclusive, open marketplace. Our colors express that belief and embody our broad range of people and products. Our colors On this page Overview Resources Change log Overview Our core colors are our 4 logo colors. They represent our brand's heritage and form the foundation of our full color palette. We have 17 color families (including neutral) with 8 shades in each family, totaling 136 colors in our full palette. We use subsets of this palette for product, marketing, and illustration. Resources For more information on how to use color in specific applications, check out these resources. Color palette library Download our color palette library in ASE format. Logo package Download our official logo asset pack. Change log Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Previous Logo: Showcase Next Using color Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 11-second video shows the ebay heritage logo appear on a white screen. It transforms into squares of the 4 core colors red, blue, yellow, green. The red square comes to the forefront and then moves up the screen while an extended pallet of colors form in a grid below. The other 3 core colors join the screen in the same manner on the screen with their corresponding extended color palette. The colors move down the screen until the 4 core color blocks remain and it transforms back to the heritage logo.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/COLOR #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LOGO #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Overview Logo Our logo Using our logo Using our tagline Best practices Showcase Color Our colors Using color Using color in product Using color in marketing Using color in illustration Best practices Showcase Typography Our typeface Using type Using type in digital Using type in print Best practices Showcase Photography Our photos Visual tone Image types Listing imagery Curation in layout Best practices Showcase Iconography Our icons Using icons Program badges Confirmation indicators Icon library Best practices Showcase Illustration Our illustrations Visual tone Using illustration Sizing and placement Best practices Showcase Composition Layout in product Overview Responsive layout Uniform Masonry Mosaic Layout in marketing Overview Stacks Motion Our motion Motion in product Using motion in product Volume of motion Product transitions Expressive animation Motion in marketing Using motion in marketing Logo in motion Layout in motion Typography in motion Depth in motion Interaction Interaction levels Interaction states Generative AI Accessibility Overview Include plugin Object styles Using object styles in product Using object styles in marketing Voice and tone Our logo Our logo is the colorful signature we put out into the world. It symbolizes who we are, unites our past and future, and represents our diverse global community. Our logo On this page Identity Clear space Size Placement Containers Favicon Avatar Brand partnerships Resources Changelog Identity The eBay logo is iconic. Its form has evolved over the years, but it still epitomizes our brand, community, and marketplace. The range of color represents the diversity of our community, the range of our products, and the inclusivity of our global platform. Clear space Clear space is the required amount of space around a logo to maximize its visibility and impact. To determine the minimum clear space, reference the logo's x-height when placing it in layouts or by neighboring elements. The x-height is measured from the type’s baseline to the top of flat lowercase letters, like the letters x, y, and z. Size We define the recommended size of the logo based on its clear space. The logo’s clear space and layout’s margin should both be 5% of the shortest length of the layout. For example, if the length of the layout is 1024px, then the logo's clear space and layout's margin should be ~51px. For additional details on calculating margins and setting up the layout, please visit Layout in marketing . Scalability When scaling the logo, always ensure the legibility is not compromised. Minimum size On screen: Logo height is 24px In print: Logo height is 0.25 in Placement Typically, we place the logo in the bottom-right and bottom-left corners of the layout. The top-right, top-left, and center positions are also available placements if the layout or composition calls for it. Containers We like our logo to feel boundless, but there are times—like on social media—when it must live within a container. Remember that some sites add extra padding to an uploaded image, so make sure that what you see still adheres to our guidelines: a centered logo with plenty of clear space. When a container is small, use a white logo on a dark color background to maximize legibility. Favicon Our favicon is the visual shorthand expression for eBay across our websites. It’s legible across light and dark modes for popular browsers. The favicon should only be used for web and not for native app tiles. Access our favicon in Tools & resources . Avatar There are 2 approaches for how eBay is visually represented through its avatar—on platform and off platform. On platform For anything on eBay's platform or internal channels, we use our favicon to represent eBay. Off platform For anything off eBay's platform like social channels, we use our heritage logo. This ensures brand equity and clear representation of eBay. Brand partnerships For brand partnerships, we display both our logo as well as our partner's and separate the two logos with an "X" on graphic devices. Space between each logo and the “X” is half of eBay’s logo clear space. When sizing the logos, start with the eBay logo, then optically size and center the partner logo for visual balance. Resources Composition Learn how to build layouts across product and marketing applications. Logo package Download our official logo asset pack. Favicon Download our favicon assets. Changelog Date Notes Jun, 2024 Updated to eBay Evo Added guidance for sizing, placement, avatars, and brand partnerships Previous Foundations: Overview Next Using our logo Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A 15-second video shows the eBay 4-color rectangle tag animation wipes into the eBay logo on a white background. The background transitions to black with a white logo on top. The background then wipes to a photograph of a woman in front of a green background with a white logo over her. The photograph of the woman scales down and transitions center frame into a UI screen, surrounded by colorful marketing layouts on the left and right also in screens. The screens transition off to a photograph of a person on a green couch holding a phone with the eBay home tab opened. Images stack on top and tote bags and beanies transition on with the eBay logo. Images continue to overlap and transition to a wall with 3 posters, and a person opening a box with a large eBay logo on the side. The ending in the same tag animation to the eBay heritage as the start. Video description: A 7-second animation shows the eBay logo in black on a white background up close scaling down with gridlines. It ends with the logo scaling back in.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS/LOGO #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/ARTICLES/EBAY-EMBRACES-EVOLUTION #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles eBay embraces evolution Nov 18, 2024 Nov 18, 2024 eBay embraces evolution Nov 18, 2024 eBay Design OneExperience Team eBay has evolved to put enthusiasts at the core of its experience with an updated brand and design system that brings consistency and flexibility on a global scale. eBay has been on a three-decade journey of evolution. What started as a simple online auction site has grown up to become an innovative global marketplace that empowers buyers and sellers in the discovery of their shared passion. We wanted our product and identity to reflect our new maturity and current customer needs, bringing an enthusiast-centric refresh of the eBay experience to the world. One Evo to unify us all Our aim was to connect product and customer experience to build trust in our brand. An aesthetic refresh alone, without meaningful product updates, could risk diminishing trust among our customers. So we fine-tuned our product’s foundational design elements and introduced all-new, scalable components that could be extended into marketing touchpoints to unify our global brand. And so eBay Evo was born. eBay Evo is our evolved brand and design system, created to enhance our customer experience and inspire everyday people with our brand out in the world. With evolution as the central theme guiding our path forward, eBay Evo keeps eBay in a constant state of innovation and reinvention, placing people and their passion at the core of our experience. Fully developed in-house, eBay Evo is shaped by every team at eBay to deliver a cohesive story across our global experiences while allowing flexibility to adapt for local markets and audience relevance. Evo was created to enhance the product experience and then expanded through marketing, connecting customer experience and storytelling into a unified brand presence. Tyler Moore, Sr. Director of Design eBay Evo brings a new level of consistency and enhanced experiences for our customers. Strategy people can love Inspired by how our customers actually use our product. Evo is a core element of the eBay brand strategy that aims to ensure we show up with one consistent voice that resonates with our customers. It all starts with our promise to empower the largest community of enthusiasts to do more of what they love, and our commitment to deliver meaningful choice, complete confidence, and human connection in every interaction with them. Our new creative platform Things.People.Love. brings our strategy to life in the world with one salient tagline across our marketing. It highlights the role we play in the world: that eBay is home to all kinds of things, all kinds of people, and all kinds of love. But to achieve success with our customers, we also need one consistent design framework that expresses passion, confidence, and the future of ecommerce and flows across our universe of touchpoints. With Evo and Things.People.Love., we’re modernizing eBay’s brand to celebrate passions and establishing eBay as a global leading force in the future of e-commerce. Emily O'Hara, Sr. Director, Global Head of Brand Our customers and the things they love Our recent Things.People.Love. campaign, created with our partner agency JOAN that features our new eBay Evo system Applying pen to paper to product Supported by our strategy, the eBay product was also ready to evolve. We unified under a shared vision to streamline and enhance aspects of our product, considering both designer and customer needs. We focused on simplification and modernization, incorporating updated components, patterns, and tokens for scalable use globally by both design and engineering teams. eBay Evo allows us to continually adapt and improve our experience while enabling seamless collaboration across teams. By investing in design technology, deeply connecting design with engineering, we push the limits of front-end innovation and empower product teams to bring new ideas to life. “This integration enables us to develop real-time prototypes that enhance customer experiences and set new standards in product development,” explains Stephen Scaff, Sr. Manager, Design Technology. The simplification and modernization of eBay’s view item page using eBay Evo design system and principles Our updated home, search results, and view item pages using eBay Evo eBay Evo components and iconography Powered by passion Inspired by people discovering products and exploring passion with eBay. The visual identity of eBay Evo is built upon evolved brand primitives that have been developed to resonate with and visually represent our enthusiast community, their passions and how they shop and discover on our site. Our design system translates into brand expressions through card stacks that reflect the eBay shopping experience. We further integrated the product into our expressions through UI elements inspired by interactions like searching, saving an item or highlighting a deal. This allows us to highlight our unique catalog, diverse community, and the discovery loop where customers explore, find unique items, or browse distinctive eBay storefronts. Card stack expressions that help build narratives around our customers, their passions, and discovery—reflecting the eBay shopping experience The visual simplicity of our system allows the thrill of discovery to shine through. Jess Staley, Director of Brand Design Our logo and the four heritage colors, which have been integral to eBay since 1995, remain key to our identity and communications. We further evolved our palette, building a cohesive 136-color palette that directly incorporates our four colors and includes type contrast pairings that are AA-compliant, to maximize legibility. eBay’s heritage four color logo Expanded color palette with AA-compliant type pairings, rooted in eBay’s four heritage colors Through imagery, we've introduced a fresh style that emphasizes storytelling, capturing our community and their passion for products in an authentic and aspirational way. Our new illustration style complements this photography in our product experience. eBay Evo's design creates a stronger brand voice through the use of bold headlines and a customized heavy weight, condensed version of our typeface, Market Sans. Lifestyle photography featuring customers and products in context Expressive illustrations that complement our photography style Composition construction featuring Market Sans, bold headlines, and customer-centric photography A system designed to scale the world Evo scales with breadth and depth to bring our system to life. To scale eBay Evo, we built a playbook to act as a central resource, showcasing all of our latest guidance to help our internal teams and agency partners effectively bring our system to life. Created with over 50 collaborators contributing to 280 pages, the “eBay Playbook Is a beautiful, highly functional digital tool that inspires each of our diverse disciplines with tailored guidance,” says Ryan Tinsley, Staff Product Designer. Over 2,700 images and videos provide the latest and greatest examples created with eBay Evo to inspire our teams and collaborators, showcasing the best-in-class ways to bring our customers’ stories to life. The site also features interactive tools for color selection, type testing, iconography, and accessibility designed to speed up decision-making. The eBay Playbook is a centralized location for guidance and inspiration for teams and partners, accessible anywhere. Everyone is invited to discover Accessibility is at the forefront of our product and brand expression. Our default setting is to design for everyone to engage in the eBay experience across as many touchpoints as possible. We’ve integrated accessibility into our culture and conversations as a critical piece of our product development workflow. Each component of the eBay Playbook covers design, engineering, and accessibility requirements — supporting inclusive design practices across our system. Last year we created the Include—Accessibility Annotations Figma plug-in to enable designers to think through various accessibility requirements in their work. This tool is open to the public to allow other companies to incorporate accessibility as prominently into their design process as eBay has. Accessibility is embedded in eBay’s design and engineering process, creating an enhanced user experience for everyone. Mark Lapole, Director of Accessibility eBay Evo has brought a new level of modernity to the eBay experience across all devices and touch-points. This is only the beginning Evo sparks an evolution that will continue inspiring innovation across all of eBay. Our evolution is just getting started as we strive to place our enthusiasts at the heart of our designs and experience. eBay will continue to grow as we gather insights, develop innovative products, and cultivate a sense of delightful discovery for eBay enthusiasts around the world for another three decades and more. Evo embodies the radical improvements we've made and the innovation to come—humanizing and simplifying in service of our community and their treasures. Aaron Carambula, VP, Design Credits eBay’s OneExperience team: Tyler Moore, Jess Staley, Simon O'Shea, Stephen Scaff, Joline Tang, Anthony Didonato, Kat Carboy, Andy Stewart, Ariel Duong, Caleb Nance, Cassandra Morrissey, Cordelia McGee-Tubb, Elvis Benicio, Gabriel Rocha, Hannah O'Neal, Jaden Nethercott, James Carleton, JD Corr, Jeremy Bechtel, Kavan Magsoodi, Lisa Binkert, Megan Woodruff, Mike Hobizal, Patricia Mo, Rachel Julius, Randy Bascue, Ryan Tinsley, Sara Keats, Vicente Silva, Wesley Anderson Marketing partners: Emily O'Hara, Kate Green View additional contributors Resources eBay Evo media kit Download the eBay Evo media kit to share on publications and social media. Previous All articles Next eBay Design 2024 in review Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A video showcasing customers and the things they love. The tagline Things People Love is aligned to the bottom of the video.

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com Video description: A video that animates between an older product page and the new product page using eBay Evo on eBay.com. It shows the simplification and modernization that eBay Evo’s design system has brought to the product experience.

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com Video description: A video showcasing the card stack graphics that are core to eBay Evo’s visual expression. These card stacks represent the shopping experience on eBay containing products, lifestyle images, and customer portraits. 

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com Video description: A video of a customer experience going through the eBay app’s new homepage, search results and view item page that were designed with eBay Evo’s design system.

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com Video description: An animated illustration of a yellow car with two passengers waving out the window and smiling faces.

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com Video description: A video that showcases eBay Evo’s Market Sans typeface with its new condensed kerning, compositional construction, and finalized posters featuring bold headlines and customer-centric photography.

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com Video description: An animation that cycles through eBay Evo’s expanded 136 color palette and AA compliant type pairings.

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com Video description: Introducing eBay Evo, eBay’s brand and design system—representing a significant evolution, aimed at enhancing the customer experience through a modern and simplified approach, and ensuring a consistent global presence. 

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com

The video shows animated elements of the eBay Evo design system such as typography, icons, colors and user interface elements. There are scenes of a photo studio shoot with groups of smiling people and text overlayed that read "a new unified system", "Things.People.Love.", "Inspired by how people discover.", and "Powered by their passions." 00:00

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/ARTICLES/EBAY-EMBRACES-EVOLUTION #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/ARTICLES/EBAY-DESIGN-2024-IN-REVIEW #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles eBay Design 2024 in review Jan 16, 2025 Jan 16, 2025 eBay Design 2024 in review Jan 16, 2025 Aaron Carambula VP, eBay Design eBay Design has been modernizing and reinventing the eBay experience throughout 2024. As we reflect on the year, and look forward to the next, we’re excited to share some of our favorite updates and improvements. Capturing the full output and impact of a multidisciplinary team like ours is no small task. Instead, we’re sharing a few highlights—a glimpse into the thoughtful work created with customers at the heart of every decision. These updates reflect the evolution of our brand and product design system, Evo, and are informed by countless hours of customer engagement through user experience research. They showcase the collective expertise of a team that leads by doing, crafting meaningful solutions together. Launched global system and playbook We introduced our new system, eBay Evo, and playbook to the world. Showcasing eBay’s new brand and design system, Evo, and the new eBay Playbook After years of in-house development, eBay Design launched eBay Evo , our new brand and design system. Rooted in evolution, it drives ongoing innovation and reinvention, placing people and their passions at the core of our experience. Our detailed eBay playbook equips teams and partners with tools to effectively implement eBay Evo globally across all touch-points. Updates to our core We evolved core product experiences and adopted a new framework for customer focused features. Updated designs for eBay’s global navigation, homepage, search results, and view item on eBay.com Global navigation The enhanced global header continues eBay's modernization with harmonized corners, refined typography, and intuitive fly-out menus, improving navigation and aligning with the new eBay Evo design system. Homepage The Homepage saw its biggest update in over 5 years, featuring a modernized design that enhances personalization and improves inspiration, discovery, and conversion. A new viewport-maximized top section helps users easily revisit previously browsed content, better supporting shopping missions. Search results The redesigned Search Results page showcases larger product images for easier scanning, especially in categories like Clothing and Toys. Improved typography, concise item signals, and a streamlined filter menu enhance navigation and simplify decision-making. View item The web View Item page was drastically simplified to help customers find information faster. Larger product images enhance detail visibility, while the redesigned shopping column aligns with the mobile app for improved familiarity, better hierarchy, and streamlined development. Fashion got hot eBay became a global fashion destination with a focus on pre-loved clothing and partnerships. eBay’s new fashion hub experience released in 2024 in the US and UK Fashion hub To signal eBay as a fashion destination, we launched a new fashion hub featuring a modular design that highlights top offerings, AI-powered shopping tools, and personalized filters like size preferences. The launch included two campaigns: in the UK, we promoted a free-to-sell pre-loved clothing offering, and in the US, we partnered with Vogue to showcase curated pre-loved collections by Madelyn Cline and Chloe Kim. A customer flow showcasing Shop the Look The Enthusiast Storefronts on eBay Shop the look This year, we launched Shop the Look , an innovative AI-powered feature born from a design-led sprint to enhance fashion browsing. Users swipe through AI-generated lifestyle images with interactive hot spots for cross-category shopping, creating an immersive experience. Powered by machine learning and generative AI, it nearly doubled click-through rates, boosting engagement. Design shaped the AI framework and creative style guide to direct Generative AI in crafting inspiring, brand-aligned imagery. Enthusiast storefronts New eBay storefronts with inventory curated by enthusiasts dedicated to eBay's mission. These storefronts showcase product selections from a set of 22 influencers, updated throughout the year, curating the most unique finds and helping our customers shop from trusted sources. We went Live eBay wowed with live shopping events in partnership with NYFW, Elton John, Goldin, and many more. eBay Live partnerships and events in 2024 eBay Live and Elton John charity partnership in 2024 This year eBay Live grew significantly, supporting 600 weekly events, selling 1.5 million items and attracting 1.4 million unique viewers. Special Live events tied to key dates like Star Wars Day and Comic Con drew over 10,000 viewers each, generating market excitement. New features like in-stream checkout and max bidding improved the Live buyer experience. For sellers, enhanced tools for hosts now provide insights into performance, event metrics, and buyer engagement. Selling got smarter We made it faster and easier than ever to sell on eBay. eBay’s updated seller hub and dashboards Updated Seller Hub Our improved Seller Hub introduces a responsive navigation to increase Seller Hub usability across various device sizes, updates and redesigns to how customers manage their orders, new filtering and personalized recommendations for improving the performance of a listing, and better marketing and advertising management—allowing customers to get the very most out of selling on eBay. A customer navigating the streamlined listing experience AI generated descriptions is a new innovative feature for listing on eBay Faster listings Listing an item is now faster and more intuitive than ever, thanks to a simplified listing experience on our mobile app that reduces the number of steps and inputs needed to list. Our faster listing flow was an exciting update that we shared when we announced our free to sell offering in our United Kingdom markets earlier this year. Generative AI descriptions Generative AI descriptions provide customers with instant, high-quality listing descriptions that require little to no edits. Born from design vision, this feature is expanding across markets and saving customers even more time in their listing process. Features got stacked Design updates to browsing, personalization, eBay Advertising, and payments. Showcasing the new Explore browsing experience, eBay Advertising branding, and contextual login UI Explore A feed-based shopping experience designed to boost engagement and spark new interests for customers who enjoy browsing as entertainment. Explore leverages cross-category algorithms, real-time personalization, infinite scrolling, and curated themes to showcase tailored recommendations. Size preferences A personalized shopping experience that remembers your size preferences, helping shoppers discover better matches while shopping. Designed to be lightweight and easily accessible, customers can add their sizes within the context of their shopping journey or in their My eBay size preferences. Contextual login Logging in to eBay can be a major friction point, but with more relevant sign-in options and a lighter weight design, we’ve made it quicker and easier for customers to access their accounts with less interruption. eBay balance eBay balance provides regular sellers in the UK with the ability to see and comprehend their available balance earned from sales and use these funds for shopping, paying for selling expenses (promotions, shipping labels etc.) or withdrawal to their bank at any time. eBay Advertising brand and tooling eBay Advertising got a fresh new visual identity that puts a spotlight on our sellers and their unique stories. The identity launched with a revamped advertising dashboard that makes it easier to manage listings and campaigns, providing clear, streamlined tools to track performance and drive growth. 2025, here we come. eBay Design’s innovation carries us forward as we celebrate our 30th year. I’m so proud of all that the team accomplished in 2024. Saying I believe we’ll achieve even more in 2025 is not to downplay this year’s accomplishments but to emphasize the momentum of our continued growth. Behind the work we’ve shared, we’re constantly refining our processes, developing new systems, and building tools to enhance our impact—both within design and across eBay. With this momentum, I’m confident we’re poised for even greater achievements in the years ahead. Resources eBay Design 2024 Media kit Download Media assets for eBay Design’s 2024 Lookback. Previous eBay embraces evolution Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc. Video description: A video showcasing eBay Design’s top updates and improvements to the eBay experience in 2024.

Explore more at playbook.ebay.com 00:00 Video description: A video demonstrating the navigation for the new Shop the Look experience. The video first shows the customer tapping one of the AI generated images. The user then browses the various real eBay listings that are visually similar to the AI lifestyle image. The mobile screen floats over a shifting gradient representing ebay.ai. Video description: A video that shows three visuals representing eBay’s new global brand and design system, Evo, and the new eBay playbook website. The visuals include a billboard, a phone mockup of the new playbook website, and a device lineup with a computer, phone, and iPad in a workshop studio environment, showcasing the new homepage designs. Video description: A looping video of an eBay Live with Elton John. Hearts are animating from the comments UI, showing customer interaction. Video description: A video of three rotating desktop screens displaying the updated Seller hub with rounded corners and better hierarchy. The dashboards are clean, easy to navigate, and full of important seller information. The screens are floating on top of a yellow background. Video description: A video exhibition of a customer navigating the new listing experience for sellers, which has been significantly simplified with fewer steps. Video description: An animation of an AI generated description for a new listing. A white text box floats on a moving gradient, indicating the product description loading in. Video description: A video of three rotating desktop screens that display the newly updated global navigation, homepage, search results, and view item for eBay.com. The screens are floating on top of a blue background. Video description: A video showcasing highlights from the many eBay Live partnership livestreams in 2024 — from Elton John to New York Fashion Week.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/ARTICLES/EBAY-DESIGN-2024-IN-REVIEW #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/ARTICLES #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Articles Articles Jan 16, 2025 eBay Design 2024 in review eBay Design has been modernizing and reinventing the eBay experience throughout 2024. As we reflect on the year, and look forward to the next, we’re excited to share some of our favorite updates and improvements. Author: Aaron Carambula Nov 18, 2024 eBay embraces evolution eBay has evolved to put enthusiasts at the core of its experience with an updated brand and design system that brings consistency and flexibility on a global scale. Author: eBay Design Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/ARTICLES #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Tools & resources Tools & resources All Color Content Figma Iconography Illustration Logo Motion Photography Templates Typography eBay Evo media kit Logo package Market Sans font Icon library Color pairing tool eBay Style Guide Type tester Brand motion toolkit Illustration components Global icon repo (svg) Global icon repo (png) eBay photo library Design preflight checklist widget Allingo plugin Data populate plugin Include plugin (internal only) Include plugin Product color palette Core marketing color palette Expanded marketing color palette Full illustration color palette ASE color palette library eBay motors logo package eBay advertising logo package Google Slides template Powerpoint template Figma Slides template eBay letterhead eBay email signature Favicon 2.0 Tools & resources (sortable by Item, Last updated, or Size) Item Last updated Size eBay Evo media kit (opens in new tab) 11.18.24 -- Logo package (opens in new tab) -- -- Market Sans font (opens in new tab) -- 2.4mb (OTF, TTF, WOFF, EOT) Icon library -- -- Color pairing tool -- -- eBay Style Guide (opens in new tab) -- -- Type tester -- -- Brand motion toolkit (opens in new tab) -- -- Illustration components (opens in new tab) -- -- Global icon repo (svg) (opens in new tab) -- -- Global icon repo (png) (opens in new tab) -- -- eBay photo library (opens in new tab) 10.08.24 -- Design preflight checklist widget (opens in new tab) -- -- Allingo plugin (opens in new tab) -- -- Data populate plugin (opens in new tab) -- -- Include plugin (internal only) (opens in new tab) -- -- Include plugin (opens in new tab) -- -- Product color palette -- -- Core marketing color palette -- -- Expanded marketing color palette -- -- Full illustration color palette -- -- ASE color palette library (opens in new tab) 06.14.24 -- eBay motors logo package (opens in new tab) 11.15.24 -- eBay advertising logo package (opens in new tab) 11.15.24 -- Google Slides template (opens in new tab) 06.24.24 -- Powerpoint template (opens in new tab) -- -- Figma Slides template (opens in new tab) -- -- eBay letterhead (opens in new tab) 10.01.24 -- eBay email signature (opens in new tab) -- -- Favicon 2.0 (opens in new tab) 05.02.24 10.42KB (SVG, PNG) Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/TOOLS-AND-RESOURCES #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Expressions Expressions are applications of the system to a particular subject or area. Expressions Marketing UI graphics Email design system Social Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/EXPRESSIONS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Design system eBay Evo is our design system that connects people with passions, and enables us to build great experiences for our customers. Design system Tokens Components Patterns Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/DESIGN-SYSTEM #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Foundations Foundations are fundamental elements that provide the building blocks for creating consistent and cohesive user experiences. Foundations Logo Color Typography Photography Iconography Illustration Composition Motion Interaction Generative AI Accessibility Object styles Voice and tone Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/FOUNDATIONS #######


####### START HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/GET-STARTED #######

Skip to main content eBay Playbook Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Get started eBay Evo is our brand and design system, created so we show up consistently all around the world. Get started Explore Evo Foundations Fundamental elements that provide the building blocks for creating consistent and cohesive user experiences. Learn more Design system Evo is the design system of eBay that enables us to build great experiences for our customers. Learn more Press release Discover the journey behind the creation of eBay Evo and its debut to the world. Learn more Media kit Download the eBay Evo media kit to share with publications and on social media. Download About Evo FAQs You’ve got questions, we’ve got answers. If you have a question or issue that isn’t listed here, feel free to get in touch. Learn more System definitions Explore definitions and examples of words and elements mentioned across eBay Evo. Learn more Things.People.Love. Get started Brand strategy Foundations Design system Expressions Resources Articles Contributors Careers Privacy policy Press © 2025 eBay. All rights reserved. eBay Evo, the eBay trademark, and the eBay logo are the intellectual property of eBay Inc.

####### END HTTPS://PLAYBOOK.EBAY.COM/GET-STARTED #######

